There was a problem with the update. 
There was a bomb on the plane! 
There was an error. 
The system had been developed by professor David. 
She had been hired as a project manager. 
His obedience had been tested. 
He was detained by the US customs. 
She was caught in the explosion. 
It was written in the stars. 
They were all together in one place. 
They were very poor. 
They were at the beach. 
Which of them is your brother? 
Which of them matter, and why? 
Which of them is more efficient? 
You have to think for yourself. 
Go and see for yourself. 
What to expect when you work for yourself. 
I thought I was dreaming. 
And you thought dragons didn’t exist.. .
He thought he had won. 
I’m looking for a job. 
Who are you looking for? 
I still haven’t found what I’m looking for.&nbsp; 
We were able to finish the project. 
They were able to make accurate predictions. 
How were you able to find me? 
Where do you live? 
Where do you come from? 
Where do you see yourself in 5 years? 
There was once a farmer and his wife. 
She had been married before, 
her first husband had died, 
and now she was married again. 
They lived on a remote farm in the west of England, 
and what a pair of fools they were! 
Which of them was the most foolish? 
Listen to the story and decide for yourself. 
In those days, there also lived an old soldier called Jack Hannaford. 
His coat was old and he was poor, 
but nobody thought that Jack Hannaford was stupid. 
He was sly like a fox. 
When he left the army, 
he walked all around the country, 
looking for ways to play his tricks. 
After he had traveled for some time, 
he came across the farm belonging to the pair. 
He knocked on the door of the house, 
and a moment later, the wife answered. 
She looked him up and down, quite astonished, 
because few strangers were able to make the difficult journey to their home. 
“Where did you come from?” she asked. 
Jack looked up at the pale blue sky 
and he said, “I came from Heaven 
“My goodness!”, she said 
“Did you see my husband there?” 
The farmer’s wife was talking about her first husband 
the man who had died 
Oh yes, I got to know him well 
when I was staying in Heaven,” said Jack 
“And how is he doing?”, asked the woman. 
“He is fine,” replied the old soldier. 
He works hard sewing and mending clothes for the saints and angels 
but even so, he sometimes doesn’t have enough money to eat. 
And did he send me a message?”, she asked. 
“Yes, he did! 
That is why I’ve come here. 
He asked me to bring back some money for him, 
so that he can spend his days in paradise more comfortably.” 
On hearing this, the poor woman’s heart almost broke with pity. 
I’ll give him anything he wants! 
He’s a good man, God bless him,” she said 
Then she went to the chimney 
where the couple’s savings were kept hidden. 
She took out two pieces of gold and five pieces of silver, 
which in those days was a lot of money. 
She handed everything over to the old soldier 
and told him to hurry up and give it to her first husband. 
“I will,” Jack told the woman, 
“as soon as I return to Heaven.” 
his wife told him all about how a messenger had come from Heaven. 
She said that the man asked for money for her first husband 
who was living and working in Heaven, but who was poor 
“You are a foolish woman!” shouted the farmer. 
“How could you believe such a silly story?” 
“Well, you are even more foolish,” said the woman, 
“because you showed me where the money was hidden.” 
The husband did not agree with what she said 
but he did not stay to argue. 
He hurried off on his horse to try to find the old soldier 
before he got too far away 
When the farmer came back 
Jack Hannaford heard the sound of the horse behind him. 
He knew that the farmer was coming for him and for the money. 
Quickly, he came up with a plan 
He knelt by the side of the road 
covered his eyes with one hand, 
and pointed up to the sky with the other. 
The farmer soon reached him and asked: 
“What are you doing here by the side of the road?” 
“Why are you protecting your eyes” 
“and pointing up to the sky?” 
“It is amazing! It is God’s work!” shouted the man. 
“I see a wonderful thing!” 
“What kind of wonderful thing?” asked the farmer. 
“A man is walking straight up to Heaven on a rainbow,” 
“just as if it were a road.” 
The farmer looked at the sky, 
but he could not see the amazing rainbow 
or the man walking on it. 
“Here,” said the soldier, 
“kneel down by the side of the road” 
“and look up at the sky like I’m doing.” 
“I will if you’ll hold my horse,” said the farmer, 
and he jumped down from his horse. 
As soon as the farmer knelt down, 
Jack Hannaford jumped onto the horse and escaped! 
Now, who do you think was more foolish, the farmer or his wife? 
In the Far East there was a Great King 
who had no work to do. 
Every day, and all day long, 
he sat on soft cushions and listened to stories. 
And no matter what the story was about, 
he never grew tired of hearing it, 
even though many of the stories took hours to complete. 
“There is only one fault with your story,” he often said, 
“it is too short.” 
All the storytellers in the world were invited to his palace; 
and some of them told stories that were very long indeed. 
But The King was always sad 
when the story ended. 
At last he sent a message to every city and town, 
offering a prize to any one able to tell him an endless tale. 
He said: “To the man that will tell me a story which lasts forever, 
I will give my daughter as his wife; 
and I will make him my heir, 
and he shall be king after me.” 
But this challenge wasn’t quite what it seemed. 
The King added a strict condition. 
If any man tries to tell such a story and fails, 
then his head will be cut off.” 
The King's daughter was very beautiful, 
and many young men in The Kingdom 
were willing to do anything to win her. 
But none of them wanted to lose his head, 
and so only a few tried for the prize. 
One young man invented a story that lasted three months; 
but after that, he could think of nothing more. 
His fate was a warning to others, 
and it was a long time before another storyteller 
was daring enough to take the King's challenge. 
One day a Stranger from the South came to The Palace. 
“Great king,” he said, 
“is it true that you offer a prize 
to the man who can tell a story that has n o end?”
“It is true,” said The King. 
“And will this man have your daughter for his wife, 
and will he be your heir?” 
“Yes, if he succeeds,” said The King, 
“but if he fails, he will lose his head.” 
“Very well, then,” said the Stranger. 
“I have a pleasant story about locusts.” 
“Tell it,” said The King. 
“I will listen to you.” 
The storyteller began his story. 
“Once upon a time a certain king seized all the corn in his country, 
and stored it in a strong granary, 
but a swarm of locusts came over the land 
and saw where the grain was stored. 
After searching for many days, 
the locusts found a small crack on the east side of the granary, 
but the opening was just large enough for one locust at a time to pass through. 
So, one locust went in 
and carried away a grain of corn; 
then another locust went in 
and carried away a grain of corn; 
then another locust went in 
and carried away a grain of corn.” 
Day after day, week after week. 
The stranger kept on saying. 
Then another locust went in and carried away a grain of corn 
A month passed. A year passed. 
After two years. The king asked. 
How much longer will the locusts be going in 
And carrying away corn? 
Oh, King! said the stranger. 
The locusts have only cleared a few inches. 
And there are thousands of inches in the granary 
“Man, man!” cried The King, 
“You will drive me mad. 
I can listen to it no longer 
Take my daughter, be my heir, and rule my Kingdom, 
but do not let me hear another word 
about those incessant locusts!" 
So, the Stranger married The King's daughter 
and lived happily in the land for many years; 
however, his father-in-law, The King, 
did not care to listen to any more stories. 
Once upon a time there lived a poor widow and her son Jack. 
One day, Jack’s mother told him to sell their only cow. 
Jack went to the market and on the way 
he met a man who wanted to buy his cow. 
Jack asked, "What will you give me in return for my cow?" 
The man answered, "I will give you five magic beans!" 
Jack took the magic beans 
and gave the man the cow. 
But when he reached home, 
Jack’s mother was very angry. 
She said, "You fool! He took away your cow" 
"and gave you some beans!" 
She threw the beans out of the window. 
Jack was very sad and went to sleep without dinner. 
The next day, when Jack woke up in the morning 
and looked out of the window, 
he saw that a huge beanstalk had grown from his magic beans! 
He climbed up the beanstalk 
and reached a kingdom in the sky. 
There lived a giant and his wife. 
Jack went inside the house 
and found the giant’s wife in the kitchen. 
Jack said, "Could you please give me something to eat?" 
"I am so hungry!" 
The kind wife gave him bread and some milk. 
While he was eating, the giant came home. 
The giant was very big and looked very fearsome. 
Jack was terrified and went and hid inside. 
The giant cried, "Fee-fi-fo-fum, I smell the blood of a boy." 
"Dead or alive, I’ll grind his bones to make my bread!", 
but the wife said, "There is no boy in here!" 
So, the giant ate his food and then went to his room. 
He took out his sacks of gold coins, 
counted them and kept them aside .
Then he went to sleep. 
In the night, Jack crept out of his hiding place, 
took one sack of gold coins 
and climbed down the beanstalk. 
At home, he gave the coins to his mother. 
His mother was very happy and they lived well for sometime. 
A few days later, Jack once again climbed the beanstalk 
and went to the giant’s house. 
Jack asked the giant’s wife for food, 
but while he was eating the giant returned. 
Jack then hid under the bed. 
The giant cried, "Fee-fi-fo-fum, I smell the blood of a boy." 
"Dead or alive, I’ll grind his bones to make my bread!" 
The wife again said, "There is no boy in here!" 
The giant ate his food and went to his room. 
There, he took out a hen. 
He shouted, "Lay!" 
and the hen laid a golden egg. 
When the giant fell asleep, 
Jack took the hen and climbed down the beanstalk. 
Jack’s mother was very happy with him. 
After some days, Jack once again climbed the beanstalk 
and went to the giant’s castle. 
For the third time, Jack met the giant’s wife and asked for some food. 
Once again, the giant’s wife gave him bread and milk. 
But while Jack was eating, the giant came home. 
"Fee-fi-fo-fum, I smell the blood of an boy." 
"Dead or alive, I’ll grind his bones to make my bread!" cried the giant. 
"Don’t be silly! There is no boy in here!" said his wife. 
The giant had a magical harp 
that could play beautiful songs. 
While the giant slept, 
Jack took the harp and was about to leave. 
Suddenly, the magic harp cried, 
"Help master! A boy is stealing me!" 
The giant woke up and saw Jack with the harp. 
Furious, he ran after Jack. 
But Jack was too fast for him. 
He ran down the beanstalk and reached home. 
The giant followed him down. 
Jack quickly ran inside his house and fetched an axe. 
He began to chop the beanstalk. 
The giant fell and died. 
Jack and his mother were now very rich 
and they lived happily ever after. 
The underground paths housing the Minotaur beneath the isle of Crete 
were created by the dangerous and intelligent mind of Daedalus, 
an artist of design and construction. 
Daedalus was so brilliant that King Minos of Crete kept him as a prisoner. 
Daedalus lived with his son Icarus in a tower of the palace, 
and King Minos made him build tremendous weapons of war. 
Although Daedalus and Icarus had a very comfortable life in the tower of the palace, 
the father wished to return home to Athens. 
His son hardly remembered Athens, 
but he dreamed of running and playing in the open. 
Daedalus looked at the waves of the Mediterranean Sea, 
and realized that 
even if they could manage to escape from the tower and find a little boat, 
they wouldn’t get very far 
before they were caught by one of the ships of King Minos’ navy. 
He thought for a long time about the best way to escape, 
and finally, he came up with a plan. 
He told King Minos that he needed feathers and wax for a new project. 
After Daedalus received the feathers, 
he took them to the roof of the tower, 
and placed the feathers into four lines. 
He organized the feathers from shortest to longest 
until the feathers formed gentle half-moon shapes. 
Then, Daedalus stuck the feathers together 
with string in the middle and wax at the base. 
While Daedalus worked, 
Icarus played with the wax, 
making it flat between his fingers, 
and he chased feathers that floated on the wind. 
Daedalus showed Icarus how he had made the feathers into two pair of wings. 
He put the larger pair onto his arms, 
and began to quickly move them up and down 
until his feet took off from the floor, 
and he seemed to stand in the sky. 
Icarus laughed and could not wait to try out the smaller pair of wings. 
Over the next few days, 
father and son both exercised the wings 
until little Icarus was almost as good at flying as his father. 
Then one morning Daedalus said, 
Now son, we are ready to leave this island for good. 
We shall fly home to Athens. 
Flying is beautiful, but it can be very dangerous. 
Listen to my instructions 
and be sure to obey them perfectly. 
At all times, follow me. 
Do not take a different flight path, 
or you will soon be lost. 
Do not fly too low or your wings will get wet from the waves, 
become too heavy, and drown you. 
Nor should you fly too high, 
or the sun will melt the wax, and your wings will fall apart. 
Have you understood all that I have said? 
Little Icarus nodded his understanding. 
Then Daedalus took his son to the highest walls of the tower 
and jumped into the sky, flapping his wings. 
Icarus followed soon after. 
If a fisherman had looked up just then, 
he would have thought that he saw two Ancient Spirits with the arms of&nbsp;birds 
Over the seas, 
they moved through the sky, 
and at first Icarus felt afraid, 
for he had never gone very far in his practice flights, 
but soon he found that flying was the most fun you could ever have. 
He began to follow the sea birds, 
dancing up and down above the ocean. 
His father turned around and called, "Icarus, take care!", 
and for a while Icarus flew carefully, like his father. 
But then his wings caught a warm air current, 
and he found that he could move easily above and beyond with little effort. 
This was the life! 
He was flying so high that the ships down below looked like tiny insects. 
His father called up to him, 
"Icarus, remember what I told you. Come down right now!" 
Icarus could not hear him, however, 
and his father could not reach him. 
Icarus was far too close to the sun, 
and soon the wax that held the feathers together began to melt. 
Gradually his wings began to lose their shape, 
and some of the feathers even fell off. 
Icarus quickly moved his arms with worry and frenzy, 
but it was too late. 
He had lost the power of flight, 
and down he fell with force into the sea. 
In the old Italian town of Atri, 
the King bought a fine, large bell 
and hung it in the marketplace tower. 
A long rope that reached the ground was attached to the bell. 
The smallest child could ring the bell by pulling the rope. 
"It shall be the Bell of Justice," said the King. 
The bell gave the people of Atri cause for a great holiday. 
Everyone came to the marketplace to admire the Bell of Justice. 
"Perhaps the King will ring it," said the people, 
waiting to see what the King would do. 
But The King did not ring the bell 
he stopped and raised his hand. 
"My people", he said, 
"this bell is yours, but you must never use it except in times of need. 
When it rings, the judges shall come together at once 
hear the case, and give justice. 
Rich and poor, young and old, 
it doesn't matter, all will be judged equally." 
Many times, through the years, 
the bell in the marketplace called the judges. 
Many troubles were corrected, 
and criminals answered for their crimes. 
As time passed 
the thick rope grew so thin and short 
that only a tall man could reach it. 
"This will never do," said the judges one day. 
"What if a child should find himself in trouble?" 
The judges gave orders 
that a new rope should be hung down to the ground. 
But no lengthy rope could be found in all of Atri. 
They sent across the mountains for one, 
but it would be weeks before it arrived. 
What if some great trouble should happen before it came? 
"Let me fix it for you," said a man nearby. 
He ran into his garden and came back with a strong vine. 
"This will do for a rope," he said, 
climbing the bell tower to tie the vine to the bell. 
The vine easily reached the ground. 
"Yes," said the judges, "that will do." 
On the hills above the village, 
there lived a man who had once been a Knight, 
visiting foreign lands and waging battles. 
His companion through all that time was his Loyal Horse. 
As the Knight grew older, he sought only gold. 
He sold all that he had, except his Loyal Horse. 
Day after day, he sat in his little house among his moneybags 
and planned how he might get more gold. 
Day after day, the Loyal Horse stood outside the Knight's house, 
starving and teeth chattering from the cold. 
"What is the use of keeping an old horse that can’t work?" 
the mean old Knight said to himself one morning. 
"I will turn him out to fend for himself." 
"If he dies of starvation, good riddance." 
So, the brave, old horse was turned out among the rocks on the empty hills. 
He limped weakly, nibbling at rare blades of grass. 
One hot afternoon, 
the Loyal Horse happened to walk into the deserted marketplace, 
and he saw the long plant rope that hung from the Bell of Justice. 
The leaves upon it were still fresh and green. 
What a satisfying dinner they would be for a starving horse! 
He stretched his thin neck, 
tugging at a delicious leaf, 
and the great bell above him began to ring, 
which all the people in Atri heard. 
The bell seemed to say, 
"Someone has done me wrong! 
Oh, come and judge my case!" 
The judges donned their official robes 
and went through the marketplace. 
When they passed through the gate, 
they saw the old horse eating the plant. 
"Ha!" cried one, "it is the mean old Knight’s Loyal Horse." 
"Everybody knows the Knight mistreats him." 
"He shall have justice!" said another citizen. 
Meanwhile, a crowd came into the marketplace, 
eager to hear a trial. 
The Loyal Horse left them awestruck. 
All the citizens could testify to how they saw,&nbsp;the old Knight neglecting his Loyal Horse 
and counting his bags of gold instead. 
"Go bring the old Knight before us," said the judges. 
When the Knight came, the judges gave their judgment. 
"This Loyal Horse has served you well for many years," they said. 
"He has saved you from danger 
and helped you become wealthy; 
therefore, we order that one half of all your gold&nbsp;be set aside for your Loyal Horse. 
With the money, we can buy a green field&nbsp;for your Loyal Horse to graze in 
and a warm stable to comfort him in his old age." 
The mean old Knight hung his head, 
angry to have lost his gold, 
but the people shouted with joy. 
The Loyal Horse was led to his new stable 
and had a dinner fit for a brave and Loyal Horse. 
Once upon a time, there were three bears, 
who lived in a house of their own deep in a forest. 
One of them was a Little Bear, one a Medium-sized Bear, and one a Big Bear. 
They&nbsp; each had a bowl for their porridge: 
a small bowl, a medium-sized bowl, and a great bowl. 
Also, they had each a chair to sit in: 
a small chair, a medium-sized chair, and a big chair. 
And they also had each a bed to sleep in: 
a small bed, a medium-sized bed, and a big bed. 
One day, after they carefully and neatly had made their beds 
and cooked porridge for breakfast, 
they took a walk in the woods 
while the porridge cooled in their bowls, 
so they wouldn’t burn their mouths. 
They were polite, well-behaved bears. 
While they were away, a girl called Goldilocks 
(she had long, wavy blonde hair) 
passed by the house and peeped in the keyhole, 
for she was not at all a polite, well-behaved little girl. 
Seeing nobody home, she lifted the door’s latch. 
The door was not locked 
because the three bears did nobody any harm 
and never suspected anybody would harm them. 
Goldilocks was pleased when she saw the porridge on the table. 
If she had been a good little girl, 
she would have waited for the three bears to come home, 
and perhaps they would’ve shared their breakfast. 
Unfortunately, Goldilocks was insolent and rude, 
so she set about helping herself. 
First she tasted the porridge of the Big Bear, and that was too hot. 
Medium-sized bear’s porridge was too cold. 
But Little Bear’s porridge was just right. 
She liked it so much that she ate it all up! 
After Goldilocks finished breakfast, 
she sat down in the chair of the Big Bear, but it was too hard for her. 
Medium-sized Bear’s chair was too soft. 
But Little Bear’s chair was just right. 
She sat in Little Bear’s small chair so long 
that the bottom of the chair came out 
and she fell to the ground, which made her very cross. 
Determined to rest, 
Goldilocks went upstairs into the bedchamber. 
First, she tried to lay on the big bed, but it was too high. 
Then, she tried to lay on the medium-sized bed, but it was too low. 
Finally, she tried the Little Bear’s bed, and it was just right. 
She covered herself up comfortably and fell asleep. 
By this time, the three bears thought their porridge 
would be cool enough for them to eat, 
so they came home for breakfast. 
Careless Goldilocks had left the spoon of the Big Bear standing in his porridge. 
"Somebody has been at my porridge!" said the Big Bear. 
Then the Medium-sized Bear also saw her spoon stuck in the middle of her porridge. 
"Somebody has been at my porridge!" said the Medium-sized Bear. 
When Little Bear looked at his bowl, 
there was his spoon, but the porridge was all gone. 
"Somebody has been at my porridge and has eaten it all up!" 
The three bears, knowing that someone had entered their house, 
began to look for the intruder. 
They checked their chairs. 
"Somebody has been sitting in my chair!" 
said both the Big Bear and the Medium-sized Bear. 
"Somebody has been sitting in my chair, 
and has broken the bottom of it!" said the Little Bear. 
Then, the three bears went upstairs into their bedchamber, 
where Goldilocks had left the carefully made beds a mess. 
"Somebody has been lying in my bed!" said the Big Bear. 
"Somebody has been lying in my bed!" said the Medium-sized Bear. 
When Little Bear looked at his bed, 
there was Goldilocks's yellow head on the pillow! 
"Somebody has been lying in my bed — and she’s still here!" 
In Goldilocks’ sleep, the great, gruff voice of the Big Bear 
sounded like no more than the roaring wind. 
Medium-sized Bear's voice sounded like a little bird chirping. 
But Little Bear’s voice was so sharp and shrill 
that she woke up immediately. 
When Goldilocks saw the three bears on one side of the bed, 
she tumbled herself off the other side of the bed, 
ran to the window, and jumped. 
No one can say whether she ran into the deep forest and was lost 
or found her way home and got whipped for being a bad girl. 
The three bears never heard about her again 
and they lived happily ever after. 
Long ago in Italy, there lived a child named Antonio Canova. 
His father had died, so Antonio lived with his grandfather, a poor stonecutter. 
Antonio was too small to work, 
but he loved to go with his grandfather to the stone-yard. 
While the old man cut the large, unwieldy blocks of stone, 
the boy played among the chips, 
sculpting little figures from soft clay or smaller rocks. 
Antonio’s skill surprised his grandfather. 
"The boy will be a sculptor some day," he said. 
Every night when they got home, 
Antonio's grandmother would say, 
"What have you been doing today, my little sculptor?" 
She would take him upon her lap 
and tell him stories that filled his mind with pictures of beautiful things. 
The next day, he would try to make some of those pictures in stone or clay. 
A rich man named The Count also lived in the same town. 
Sometimes The Count threw grand dinners 
for his wealthy friends from other towns. 
Antonio's grandfather would go to The Count's house 
to help with the kitchen work. 
He was a fine cook as he was a stonecutter. 
One day, Antonio went with his grandfather to The Count's estate. 
The boy could not cook or wait on the grand table, 
but he could help clean up. 
As workers set the grand table, 
there was a crash in the dining room. 
A man, pale and afraid, came quickly into the kitchen holding stone fragments. 
"What should I do?" he cried. 
"I broke the centerpiece statue. 
The grand table will look bare without it, 
and The Count will be angry." 
The staff trembled. 
Was the dinner going to be a failure? 
Everything depended on having the grand table perfectly set. 
All of the staff asked, "What should we do?" 
Little Antonio approached the terrified man who broke the centerpiece. 
"If you had another statue, 
could you set the grand table perfectly?" 
"Certainly," said the man, 
"if it were the right length and height." 
"Perhaps I can make something that will work," said Antonio. 
The man laughed. 
"Impossible! Who are you, talking about making statues on an hour's notice?" 
"I am Antonio Canova." 
"Let the boy try and see what he can do," said the grandfather. 
The staff agreed. 
And so, since nothing else could be done, 
the man allowed Antonio to try. 
In the kitchen, a 200-pound piece of butter sat waiting to be appropriately prepared. 
It had just arrived, fresh from the milk farm on the mountain. 
With a kitchen knife in his hand, 
Antonio shaped this butter. 
He quickly created the shape of a proud lion, 
and all at the staff came closer to see it. 
"How beautiful!" they cried. 
"It’s much better than the broken statue." 
When it was finished, 
the man carried the statue to its place. 
"The grand table will be more beautiful than I ever hoped to make it!" 
When The Count and his friends came to dinner, 
the first thing they saw was the yellow lion on the grand table. 
"What a beautiful work of art!"they cried. 
"Nobody but a great artist could ever create such a figure!" 
"Who made it?" 
"Truly, my friends," The Count said, 
"this is as much of a surprise to me as to you." 
The Count then called his head staff member 
and asked where he had found this wonderful statue. 
"It was made only an hour ago by a little boy in the kitchen," said the man. 
This information made The Count's friends wonder more, 
so The Count called the boy into the room. 
"My boy," he said, 
"you have done a piece of work of which the greatest artists would be proud. 
What is your name, and who is your teacher?" 
"My name is Antonio Canova, 
and I have had no teacher but my grandfather, the stonecutter." 
All the guests came to stand around Antonio. 
There were famous artists among them, 
and they knew that the boy was a prodigy. 
When they sat down at the grand table, 
nothing pleased them more than talking to Antonio, 
and the dinner became a party in his honor. 
The very next day, The Count sent for Antonio to live with him. 
The best artists in the land taught him to sculpt, 
and he learned how to carve in marble. 
In a few years, Antonio Canova became known 
as one of the greatest sculptors in the world. 
I used to sneak into a house 
through a small crack to get supper sometimes. 
I'm a mouse, so I can fit through the teeniest entrances. 
Unfortunately, the house and its inhabitants weren't doing very well. 
Every time I visited, there were fewer crumbs. 
Additionally, the dangers hardly made it worthwhile. 
They had a cat who was getting skinnier, 
so I should have known 
that she would be on the lookout for a tasty morsel like me. 
Though my nose does twitch, I'm not nosey, 
but one night I could not help overhearing an argument. 
"It's all your fault we're starving," said a distressed woman. 
"You shouldn't have sold my mother's ring behind my back. 
All you got for it was an old, lame horse!" 
"What's the ring got to do with it?" asked the man. 
"As I told you, the person who wears that ring will never go hungry." 
"I don't believe in magic and nonsense," replied the man. 
"That's why you are so thin and your trousers keep falling down." 
The conversation was so interesting 
that I hung around a fraction too long. 
And then… BAM! Everything went black. 
"Am I dead or alive?"I thought, 
but then I heard a voice I recognized. 
The dog, a mutt who smelled like a rotting blanket, said, 
"Hey cat, hang on. Don't eat that mouse just yet." 
"But I haven’t had a decent meal in days," whined the cat. 
"Neither have I, but the mouse will only satisfy your tummy for a few hours. 
We can use him to fill our stomachs 
and our masters’ stomachs for the rest of our days." 
"It's a mouse, not a hen. He can’t lay eggs," snarled the cat. 
"No," woofed the dog, 
"that's not what I mean." 
"The first thing about a mouse is that he's small…" 
"So?" 
"So, if we take him to the house where the magic ring is, 
he can slip inside and get it for us. 
He'll do this because his life depends on it. 
The Magpie told me where the house is. Let’s head off!" 
The cat saw the dog was not as stupid as he looked, 
so the cat held me in his mouth by my tail 
and sprang through the window. 
Off they ran down the alleyway. 
I was jostled around, but hey, I was still alive. 
Luckily, we were not far from the ring’s location. 
Inside we could see a man and woman, both well-fed and happy. 
The dog said, "We've come to the right place. 
Hopefully, she takes the ring off tonight." 
The cat prowled around, 
finding a tiny hole near a window. 
"You go in," she said, 
"and bring back the ring if you value your pathetic mousey life." 
In I went, 
and although mice aren’t equipped with a nose for gold, 
I was able to spot the ring glinting in the moonlight. 
The lady left it on the table with her other jewelry. 
I seized the ring in my mouth and slipped back out again. 
"Here it is,"I said to the cat. 
"Say goodbye to this cruel world, little mouse," replied the cat, 
with claws flashing in the moonlight. 
I trembled for my life, but the dog woofed, 
"Stop right there, cat. We must keep our word." 
We returned to the town. 
This time, the cat went over the rooftops 
while the dog ran down the alleyways. 
I went home to my nest for a good sleep. 
A few weeks later, 
I was going past the house where the cat and the dog lived. 
I looked through the window. 
The human couple was having a feast, 
and the cat had put on weight. 
"So," I thought, "the magic ring truly does prevent hunger." 
I too deserved a reward for my daring part in the rescue of the ring, 
so I decided to slip inside for some crumbs. 
Around the back of the house, 
I found the dog tied up, 
more miserable than ever. 
"What's happened?" I asked, 
"The house is full of food. Why aren't you tucking in?" 
The dog whined. 
"Aroooo! That filthy lying cat! 
She ran to the house before me 
and sprang onto our owners' bed, 
waking them with the great gift of the ring. 
Oh, how delighted they were! 
She is rewarded every day, but they punish me. 
They think I'm just a smelly, useless animal. 
I'm lucky if they remember to throw me a scrap. 
GRRRRRRR! I shall hate that cat until the day I die, 
and so shall all my puppies hate all cats forever!" 
You  enjoy  silence. 
That's very good for your  complexion . 
 What to do on&nbsp;  spring &nbsp; break  ?     
We walked to the next beach to  get away  from the crowds. 
Some start very quickly and then  slow down . 
So I guess you  took after  your mom, right? 
We take your privacy and online security very  seriously . 
Thanks for the  advice  last night. 
So don't do any  mischief  tomorrow.  
Click the icon in the bottom right-hand  corner  of the screen. 
Listen, we've made a  startling  new discovery.   
She has a  mischievous  sense of humour.  
Imagine a castle where your child can interact with  just about  everything. 
The  gasket  was replaced by a new one 
Oil  leaked  out of the car. 
After one more hour, we arrived at Serrano  campsite .  
The various electrical circuits are protected by  fuses . 
I did a little  tinkering  to the formula 
I have to go  check on  the waiting room.  
Why do you look so  gaunt ? 
fine  wrinkles  around the eyes 
I have a big and  cheerful  family.  
Your men  doubt  you.  
Jack  politely  asked him to leave.  
No one has ever rejected my  stew .  
Boris the  butcher  goes to jail.  
I had  trouble  sleeping while traveling.  
I have four  siblings : three brothers and a sister.  
Athens will  stumble  and lose its fame.  
Don't be too  downhearted .  
A  hooded  man stood near her  
If you  poke  her, she will like it.  
The  nearest  Bus Stop is Sette Santi.  
Our global  brand  is respected.  
But the fear of  bankruptcy  can surely change behavior.  
This  rush  is not synonymous with quality.  
On cold mornings the car always  refuses  to start. 
The monkey probably  stole  your keys.  
This classroom is not a microwave  oven .  
Got killed by a  hail  stone.  
The school  psychologist  says you should talk to someone.  
We both worked hard at our classroom  assignments . 
We found a huge pile of  logs  
I don't know how to work the  stove .  
A  diligent  student needs no teacher...  
My colleague takes his  duties  very seriously.  
I try to  avoid  supermarkets on Saturdays - they're always so busy. 
Liverpool have a  match  with (= against) Blackburn next week. 
The  heater  in this car takes a long time to have any effect. 
In the morning I looked and was  stunned .  
Her  mood  seemed to change during the course of the conversation 
Your  granny  is going to take care of you today.  
That  noose  was a pain in the neck.  
The cemetery is a  gloomy  place 
And their faces are filled with  grief .  
I  waved  to him from the window but he didn't see me. 
Did you  notice  how she did that? 
I spent the  whole  day cleaning. 
One of his  classmates  is Melanie Walker.  
She's not really hurt - she's only  pretending . 
20  push-ups  stand between you and freedom.  
 The dead bodies he kept are hidden in his empty  basement .  
Just keep walking and looking  ahead . 
I'm so sorry  Aunt  Sandra. 
To Surf,  swim  or just walk.  
My decision was  hurried , but not difficult.  
He's returning safely to  shore . 
When our guest arrives, no  staring .  
Did some  estate agent  send you here? 
A worker can't  afford  it.  
He had a deep  affection  for his aunt. 
The girls are having a  slumber party . 
he  retrace  in his mind his movements that day.  
There is a  way out  of this problem. 
The Rock of Gibraltar is one of Europe's most famous  landmarks . 
Find  shelter  if you haven't.  
Her privacy could be invaded at any time by a  lurking  photographer. 
The rooms are okay, but a bit worn out. 
Those  slippers  are absolutely beautiful, my darling. 
I will not have an  unkempt  boy at my table. 
For a perfect  shave  every day. 
A person thinks  twice  before murdering somebody.  
He's an  outlaw , just like us.  
They play  dirty , we play  dirty . 
I carry  needles  in my kit. 
He is getting a little  bossy . 
I was always willing to  take charge . 
I  somehow  understand my wife better today. 
There is  shade  on the other side 
The  bark  of the trunk is gray with small cracks.  
I  greet  you all, dear brothers and sisters.  
I can be very  resourceful  if I'm motivated.  
I'm  speechless , I just want to cry.  
If you are  loud , be quiet more this week.  
There will be no more  regret   
He showed us a  glimpse  of paradise.  
Only the  tongue  carries the virus.  
Satan comes as an angel of light to  deceive  the world.  
I thought we had  depleted  your resources.  
Be transparent and  faithful  to yourselves.  
After the  dissolution  of great nations 
I  cling  to memories 
Music was a great  solace  to me.  
And I have a  stuffed animal  in my hands.  
Have you  cuddled  him?  
Galleries are automatically  embedded  into our site. 
I love to  snuggle  in her neck 
That was my  ration  for the day.  
Rocky  barked  very loudly at the ambulance 
Jenny and Jane are  twins  who love to eat 
"And here are the flowers," she  whispers .  
Jamie's always had trouble  swallowing  pills.  
Some rooms also come with a  balcony .  
 Lack  of sleep had made him irritable. 
We once took him to the  grocery store .  
Sara and her husband's car  broke down  
This is a problem of which I am  unaware . 
Satisfied with the choices, I close the  drawer .  
Not all  garbage bins  are equal.  
She  shrugged  and continued walking 
They  wisely  decided to stay together again.  
you wake up in the middle of the night  sweating  
Everyone looked at him in  disbelief  
Just go and  peek  through that hole 
She nervously  crumbled  the bread between her fingers. 
Only the  mayor  can authorize evacuation. 
Many events are  held  at each season. 
I told Johanna to organize  laundry .  
I  earn  $80,000 a year. 
I saw him playing  marbles.  
However, our first  attempt  failed.  
You shouldn't have  brought  him here.  
The youngest son  rejoiced  at the news. 
He looked at her  suspiciously .  
The Devil said  mockingly , They are mine! 
She replied  casually  
However, the risks are  lowered .  
I can feel her  gaze  following me.  
A rock has fallen here in the  outskirts  of Tijuana.  
Visitors can buy "chai" in many  stalls .  
Please choose a  display  name between 3-31 characters.  
A good  cheap  gift for Christmas.  
And Gabrielle thinks I can't  haggle .  
When I had realized this, I was very  ashamed .  
I kiss her again more  passionately  than ever.  
Please  discuss  this with your doctor.  
It's new years  eve , enjoy yourself.  
Your people are getting  nowhere , Sir. 
It's not  cheating  if you're only looking.  
 Soon enough , the company will be yours.  
Do not apply cream to your  eyelids .  
This situation has  frightened  many system administrators. 
We're looking for some  rodents .  
Biggest animal in the county is a  raccoon .  
the  thrill  of winning a competition 
Lady Mary  rode  very well today.  
The boat almost  overturned  
They  threatened  to call the police.  
He also stood between me and my  inheritance .  
The  sleek  bathroom includes a shower.   
You'll  excel  at a lot of things, just not this.  
Our sons were in  kindergarten  together.  
The hunters spent hours  pursuing  their prey. 
You won't get any credit for doing it, so why  bother ? 
The date of  commencement  of construction. 
This is the  finest  television available today.  
 No big deal , just a little job.  
Three months later he  dropped out  of school.  
She was an  unwed  mother. 
Nadine died five days after  birth .  
I want to see my  lawyer  before I say anything. 
I feel lonely  whenever  you pray. 
Enjoy lunch with delicious Indonesian  dishes .  
Not right to see him  gobble  all that.  
Although I see you arrive with  unexpected  gift...  
I  found out  something about Patricia.  
When he knows that, he must  relent .  
Many people today  naively  believe 
She  hired  Frank to recover those diamonds. 
You have a very  trustworthy  face.  
The President has no fixed  schedule .  
Just cancel my  appointments  for the week.  
There's an emergency  board  meeting today.  
I'm an employee, not a  stockholder .  
Zak had blue eyes,  fair skin . 
You can  assume  Anything that you want. 
City students were sent to the  countryside .  
I shall  beg  Lord to excuse my father.  
She hugs me  tight  and cries 
He has a limited  knowledge  of French. 
The Park is  crowded  on holidays and events.  
You may have heard of the  skyscraper  method.  
The police evidence van was  robbed .  
The international community often watches  helplessly .  
They are hard to  bend . 
We understand how  upset  you feel.  
He went home and  mourned  in his grandpas's room.  
Men chose  suffering  as path to evolution. 
In the corner was a  narrow  triangular spot 
Your most important  duty  is obedience.  
We'll  settle  our accounts later.  
 Despite  this, their mother still said no. 
All of our rooms are  surprisingly  quiet.  
First,  figure out  what motivates you. 
Also move your arms a little  backwards .  
I think this might help  somehow .  
And your  gut  is never wrong.  
Spending a little money now can result in large financial gain  down the road .  
I spent all night doing  paperwork .  
Files that are hidden  within  system folders. 
An  applicant  may be invited for interview if necessary. 
The things you're  claiming  are lies.  
You will need to  undergo  a series of tests.  
All patients were divided into 4 groups during  surgery . 
I tried to be a happy  homemaker .  
Here is a photo of Prince, my  handsome  boy.  
And also always  gobbled  those bars of proteins. 
you obviously wanted to  get fired  
You're such a  talented  photographer.  
We had a  falling out  and he went to prison.  
for most people prison is  tough  
Let's call it a  tie .  
They think the church  council  sent me.  
All members of every trust group should  attend .  
However this is not the  instance .  
I've never heard bones  creak  like that.  
This is my house and my  attic .  
This  sparks  her curiosity 
A good  thief  always observes his target.  
It's the  musings  of a homicide detective.  
I can't  let down  my mother.  
Only a quarter of  entrepreneurs  graduated college.  
Maybe I should start  screwing up , like Jake does.  
You  fell in love , and now she's gone.  
The last  grade  i graduated was seventh  grade .  
her mother would always  scold  her 
I like dancing  unlike  some people.  
You can have a dog  as long as  you promise to take care of it. 
Let's go to the  seaside  at the weekend! 
Stop  messing  around with your homework.  
They  scatter  away like rats 
Come on, I've got  treats  at home.  
These are things everyone  undeniably  needs.  
Now I need to get packed and  set off  immediately.  
He's always  quoting  from the Bible. 
Killed each other because of foolish  pride  
He saw me  naked , Completely  naked .  
Susie can make anyone feel  inadequate .  
Sometimes you're a little  needy .  
These giants don't waste time  chewing .  
I think I'll skip  naptime  today.  
Anybody know a good  tailor?  
Okay, the concrete and  chalk  mix is ready.  
The  condom  offers very good protection if used properly. 
Last month, my dad finally  caved .  
Well, that's not a third  nipple .  
Your first night in the  hut .  
Did you read about it,  perchance , in a book?  
He  was supposed to bring  great light to our lives.  
Google wants individual pages to  fully  answer searchers questions. 
Sorry to  break up  this party 
I  owe  you a drink for helping me move. 
No, they're  licking  me.  
She came back from Spain with a deep  tan  
His face looks  worse  than mine.  
Hearing my words from your  lips .  
To stop  rehearsing , press Esc.  
To help us win  Greek  Week.  
A little  woozy , but basically okay. 
What if my  stepfather  is there?.  
Anyway, her head went through the  windshield .  
My mother sleeps on my  couch  and i have no friends. 
The prize was  split  between Susan and Kate. 
I don't know, we'll  figure  something. 
Water bottles and  towels  are also available.  
Therefore such diet is effective and  useful .  
My relationship with my dog is  purely  platonic.  
So, Because you like my  boobs  
I still feel  insecure  when starting a new project.  
It was written and produced by  deaf  children.  
Maybe you can  reassure  those girls a bit. 
You promise to buy me a big  foam  finger? 
I think it's my  paycheck . 
I  wiped  tables for it 
I  steamed  milk for it 
Philip, I want that  sonogram .  
Children hear voices or music in the  womb .  
Because  otherwise , I'll shoot you.  
well, she has  issues  
Manny,  whose  coat is that?  
I am  concerned  for our national security.  
I bet she's  ugly , real  ugly .  
Tom gave Mary an  engagement ring .  
Yes, you are, but with  dread .  
They  stomped  on my hand until it broke.  
Especially after the police almost  ruined  my life.  
 Most men are too  selfish  to communicate.
Do not tell me how to  raise  my family.  
My  folks  will wait there for me. 
She works as a  waitress . 
This car is very easy to  steer . 
You look  terrific ! 
I know they won't  shake  our hands. 
They  spit  on Him and pulled out His beard. 
You really  belong  somewhere much better.  
I know it was a  cheap shot  
All right, raise your  thumb  
That term is used pretty  loosely .  
I wish you wouldn't  blow  smoke in my face. 
Tie this string around your  wrist .  
Now try taking a  puff  
Tiffany is definitely a little  gross .  
When he saw us he stopped to  bashing   
it's a bit crockeed than left  
Six saltines in thirty seconds  
i just was looking at that hitchhiker  
I consider this incorrect and  unfair .  
It's the most famous military  manoeuvre  in history.  
Women can see  breasts  anytime they want. 
He's an  awkward  customer 
Today we begin a  hunger strike .  
You wanna hear a  freakish  coincidence? 
I especially like my  fluffy  hair. 
Not after your cousin who could  belch  the alphabet 
It is time to  rethink  this equation. 
This is Maggie's  roommate  Lisa.  
There, people live an  ordinary  life 
Change your wallpaper  daily  or at any time interval. 
Geneva will  shout  for help. 
Henry's making an  earthquake  simulator. 
My first  witness  is Inspector Robert Dixon.  
If your position is correct, it won't  crumble . 
That's the  harsh  reality of depression.  
I tried to  swerve  but I think I hit him. 
She was a  healthy  19-year-old girl.  
It's just a  bump , Shawn.  
The doctor manipulated the base of my  spine  
Look, I can't just  snap  my fingers.  
I came to apologize for my  clumsiness .  
He was  orphaned  at six years old.  
A great number of women used to die in  childbirth . 
Therefore we should always  strive hard . 
We used two  cans  of money 
Is your watch  reliable ? 
You were  reckless  and selfish and arrogant.  
to  soothe  a crying baby 
It gives me focus,  assurance  and hope. 
No, it's just one big...  jumble .  
Of course they will  squeeze  us.  
That's a long  commute  for a guy. 
Moderators  ensure  the rules are respected in-game.  
People are always looking for  guidance  and direction.  
I got a  sizeable  inheritance from my grandfather.  
 order  fast food delivery for lunch, 
Tap into your wild side with our  oversized  sunglasses.  
People don't work hard when they trust their  coworkers . 
Trust me, you can't play hockey in a  cubicle .  
You can not link cells  diagonally .  
You do not need to  fill out  all fields.  
you need to  clock out  now 
I'll  heat up  some soup for you.  
This party needs help, starting with  dessert . 
I left my car in the mall  parking lot . 
I'm not here to check your  underpants . 
Where's your theme music,  Underdog ? 
A mother and still so  rambunctious . 
Her coat looked as if it was  brand new.  
Make sure everything is  neat  and uniform. 
Well, I guess we all  grieve  differently. 
I have expected more of men than I  ought . 
Oh, good, because I really need to  tinkle . 
Sometimes I  envy  your pure soul. 
I feel  violated  just watching this. 
I'm his favorite  kitty  cat. 
What happened to your  boyish  charm? 
And they will bet on who is more  impish . 
Peanuts can  choke  a small child. 
But here's the  spooky  part. 
The weather was so  gorgeous . 
It is the cold  noodle  which it ate in Shanghai. 
The guy can't get two words out without going  flush . 
We were  glad  about her success. 
High quality wood make pencil to be easily  sharpened  
He was killed, but  never mind  how. 
She removed all the  furniture  
Where did you  kip down  last night? 
I always give the  Boy Scouts  a big contribution. 
 Suitcases  are open, some clothes are missing. 
Code Red was  unleashed  in June, 2001. 
She can't just  swoop in  and take it. 
After nine hours we were finally at the  cottage . 
The virus  hypothesis  might not be wrong 
And a terrible  headache  the next morning. 
The heart has its  strangeness  
I felt one of them  whizzing  by me 
Well, they found a baby in a  Dumpster . 
He  spilled  his drink all over his date. 
The oldest light is very  faint . 
This is why you are feeling  sluggish . 
Gabrielle looks at Xena, and then  smirks . 
So cook  mushrooms  until water becomes transparent. 
They can  weigh  around 306 kilograms. 
You  blush  it just encourages me. 
Like the  handle  of the door. 
Cherie Deville is your  host  at the Hotel Divine. 
Please send a  cab  to Malmrosgatan 45. 
He started shouting so I  hung up  
She hasn't been very pleasant  lately . 
Colic is very  painful  for babies. 
Wait until the oil is  bubbling  a bit to proceed. 
The apple  aftertaste  caught me 
Faith filled their lives  till  the end. 
All the  buckles  are easily replaceable. 
We used to be a  threesome  
She's a little  spoiled  sometimes 
he wouldn't have been able to hear 
The  lieutenant  and his men never reached Holland. 
The  diaphragm  is not damaged 
Cheese produced from a&nbsp; moose's&nbsp; milk. 
Try to  toss  presents in all of the chimneys. 
 The staff were excellent and service  likewise .
Carry a  spare  battery for long trips. 
About the  stink  from your chimney. 
Most afternoons, he plays poker with his  pals . 
This scooter can be packed in a small  carton . 
Because Mommy  sucked  all his blood. 
Not just on your son's  behalf  
We ate an entire  rotisserie  chicken in here one time. 
I'm so  beat  
And  hang out  here 
Music is a great way to  cheer  yourself up. 
I like your bank robber  costume . 
They're online  bullies  and write things that are not true. 
We have  ham  and cheese sandwiches 
Our  motto  is: Everyone is an artist. 
Main  bunch  is working towards water. 
I am telling you now, you'll become  bald . 
I left my favorite  panties  inside. 
i won't  grope  you 
Have a  potluck  for Christmas dinner. 
Gives me  plenty of room  to load and unload.&nbsp; 
You feel like your heart could  burst  sometimes. 
So, accept the  compliment  please. 
I get more because i'm  dainty  
There's no reason to get  testy  
i had to work two  shifts  
I'm considering drinking my own  sweat . 
Our  deadline  is tomorrow at midnight. 
She does that  annoying  thing people do. 
He loves to  burden  the people living around him 
Don't  pester  me now, please. 
We won't  hassle  you. 
Customer needs assistance in  aisle  four. 
I have a portable  sanitizer . 
she  dealy  loved her father 
We  strolled  happily to several places 
You don't have to be so  snooty  about it. 
Shake all ingredients and  pour  into a jar. 
So relax and stop feeling so  guilty . 
Having a  supportive  family is really awesome. 
You... are a  petty  man. 
You are so just doing this out of  spite . 
Even a monster snake cannot resist  tasty  cupcakes. 
Time to  peel  that orange, Chapman. 
I mean, it was just a  pimple . 
You never know  unless  you ask 
Probably some  burly  guys in dog masks 
I was  gleefully  following you to a life of crime 
You will have a good  chuckle . 
Hello! Of course this seems a bit  odd . 
Feel the  warmth  in your heart please. 
He  scooped  up the pup 
It was a festive and  joyful  moment. 
You know, they don't like  sissy  boys. 
I was  stumped , but I had to do something. 
I am not the true  bride . 
I was still very  wary  during the scene. 
You're currently  unemployed  
Don't Burn Your  Toast  
That  jam  was on my property. 
Maybe I'll buy a home here when I  retire . 
My brother's moving the  herd . 
The most popular choices are  dairy  or beef. 
A healthy alternative for sugar is agave  syrup . 
You want my  hash browns  
Sit down. I'm making  scrambled eggs.  
Your  quarterlies  look very good 
You're like the  grasshopper  in the story. 
One  scholar  in family better than two detectives. 
Because I made a huge  mistake . 
 A couple  months ago I started receiving these pictures. 
Why not throw it in the  wastepaper basket ? 
Police found a large  quantity  of drugs 
Rollon opens a new  branch  in Japan 
His social skills aren't  terrific . 
I hear  horrifying  stories from my girlfriend. 
These foods are easy to  chew  and swallow. 
Now imagine if that  leash  were wireless. 
Garfield's never stayed in a  kennel  before. 
My baby is  panting  and breathing very loudly. 
Take time to feel the love that  surrounds  you. 
The economy didn't  faze  him 
There is a  ray  of hope, however. 
I just won't breathe in the  haze . 
My mother used to use it to  soothe  me. 
 Mend  the heart from the sea and the sand 
This time I  grin  in her response. 
Well, the facts are, I'm a  full-grown  man. 
And Matthew  slimmed down  
Our rabbit has its own  wardrobe . 
 The  chime  of the clock woke him up.
If this works, it can  jog  again. 
Enter the building for a  guided  tour. 
Please place your hand in the  toaster . 
He  pats  his head. 
He looked  well-groomed.  
His portion sizes  lessened  
So I was using the private  restroom . 
Mr. Baker was  formerly  a doctor. 
Before he found Kirk  scrounging  for food 
Matthew practiced his  intended  question for the following day 
My  purse  is right there 
Our restaurant offers a  delightful  menu 
Come and sit here  beside  me 
You must go to the doctor  right away  
I'm  claiming  this is my head. 
It's as bright as a  light bulb . 
My  toe  is starting to hurt. 
We begin work with  sauce  preparation 
he asks the waitress for a  doggy bag  
And these organizations are very  diversified . 
I finally had to climb a  palm tree . 
they are go to a  fancy  restaurant 
You wouldn't  dare  here 
The  lame  monster cannot save you. 
It's me, the children's  entertainer . 
Each client you miss will reduce your  profit . 
Except in cases of  misconduct . 
My  morale  is OK, honey. 
Your boyfriend's being a  jerk . 
This is one of my  proudest  moments of my life. 
It's a very  sturdy  paper. 
I don't wanna look at them and get  cocky . 
If you can't  wrap  presents, find someone who can. 
It is actually a  doorway  to another reality. 
Chlamydia infection is a serious  disease . 
My husband has difficulty controlling his  temper . 
Do you like  spicy  food? 
You can buy milk in  powder  form. 
You never know what questions can  arise . 
That's why it's important to  reenact  the crime scene. 
Another  outcome  could not be expected. 
But  regardless , she's coming with me. 
Driving in a foreign country can be a  daunting  experience 
I gave you  clarity  where now you have confusion. 
This is Earth's  darkest  hour. 
We must try to  increase  the power 
Prices have  decreased . 
Younger players  enhance  their skills faster. &nbsp;
It cannot  grasp  the whole but only parts. 
The investigation  yielded  some unexpected results. 
Like a  crisp  image 
Who remembers those movies  nowadays ? 
When I lived in Spain, I used to  eat out  all the time. 
The nineteenth  century  was a  century  of innovation. 
A  homage  to the power of water. 
Much of the country is  woodland  and forest. 
Not every young man can  boast  a lot of money 
Our marketing people did a  magnificent  job. 
And apparently you missed your last  appointment  too. 
The  surgeon  did everything in her power to save him. 
The consequence is that you will  dehydrate  
You seem  awfully  calm 
Soft start for safe  handling  
the  principles  of the criminal justice system 
Most people are not familiar with this  focusing  level. 
Beds not very  comfy . 
Good content helps you  achieve  your goals. 
It's  rather  cold today, isn't it? 
They visit the same areas  consistently . 
Sometimes we can  exaggerate  a little. 
can be applied to the curve of a  cheek  
Like a  moth  to a flame 
 Incredibly , no one was hurt in the accident. 
This can save you a  ton of time  
See the  release  notes for version 
 Due  of the high level of water 
The  strain  of the video effects on your computer. 
I hope I'm not being too  long-winded .  
They tell me you come from a  far-off  country. 
I heard what happened at the  junior high . 
I just need to be  tougher  with them. 
All the little objects  scattered  around there. 
So this thing was a  paperweight ? 
This man used to  beg  for food and money. 
I  sigh  and shake my head. 
Okay,  picture  a terrible sandstorm 
No solid  surface  under your feet. 
We want to decide our own  fate . 
There's something  ominous  in your future. 
Come here, I say  softly  
And then the war starts and he just  vanishes . 
A  folding  door is a type of door which opens by folding 
I'm not too sure about the  heft . 
Our boys are  abroad  fighting for democracy. 
India's growth story is  well known . 
The  subjects  listed on the left 
I'm still writing with a  crayon . 
Squares as possible without using a  ruler . 
The  headmaster  has your home address 
Do not miss this  unique  opportunity 
Probably the  worst  advice I ever got. 
The two  individuals  were using heavy weapons. 
It's  hump day , your favorite day. 
Who said it's a  barroom ? 
I am a  reasonably  experienced biker. 
I'm  sincerely  grateful. 
The war memorial was  erected  in 1950. 
The mask can be easily  disassembled  
I  reassembled  the bullet fragments 
The house was  extensively  rebuilt after the fire. 
This is not the place to  criticize  
Sometimes life can feel a little  overwhelming . 
Stop being a  bystander , you hear me? 
You're a  penny-pincher!  
Dr. Lauren is  unwilling  to cooperate. 
It's a bit  pricey  but the food is wonderful. 
Tom, you're  supposed to do  this. 
He has a strong  passion  for street Photography. 
The  warehouse  labels are ready to print. 
Sara believed the house was  haunted . 
You know how  stressful  the holidays can get. 
People write  novels , not typewriters. 
Look inside... at your  deepest  desire. 
She feels like there are no  boundaries.  
It was a  thrill  working on this painting. 
The Mac was originally much  cheaper . 
But faith is stronger than  tragedy . 
To show them how  confident  I really am. 
Various diseases that manifest in the oral  cavity . 
She is  distracted  by anything around! 
She was seeking  peacefulness  
Victory is  unlikely  but not impossible. 
All data  exchanged  during the payment process. 
Well he is an expert in  antiquities . 
The  gem  on your crown 
I also love to go to  thrift stores . 
The most wonderful  landscapes  are in the Alps. 
 According  DNA test, she is not her daughter. 
In the past your  hometown  was called paradise. 
where are your  manners ? 
I can hear my mom  swearing  from here. 
Nature produces negative ions to combat air  pollution . 
And I also think we should start  composting . 
I was just a  struggling  musician. 
You have to understand why Corrigan got  arrested . 
Televisions use  mainly  HDMI for transferring video signals. 
Pillows of  goose  feathers in all apartments. 
We have received many Venezuelans  spontaneously . 
Is less  shy  than when younger. 
Most rooms with  lake  views 
In my own eyes I'm not ' disabled '. 
 There is no reason to  complain .
He became very different after being  ill . 
Notification about new version will  appear  less often. 
I think they look really cool in your  hallway  
I heard you got a  parrot . 
On a  frying pan  pour oil and warm on small fire. 
We decided to find another  winemaker . 
Well, he's already half  embalmed . 
This is a time for  mourning , not fighting. 
Earlier today you were  praising  vigilantes. 
I have a  slight  authority problem. 
The entire family is busy with  arrangements . 
And who  bade  you do it? 
Kimo brings our enemies to our  spears . 
Have they  assented  to the terms of the contract? 
And  thus  the level of competition became higher. 
Let's see, how to choose the  drill . 
Wash  thoroughly  for at least 15 seconds. 
He  thereupon  says that he wants more control. 
But,  nevertheless , there are also general tendencies. 
Lars was  beheaded  here in Manhattan 
Come visit us at  pavilion  6 
I close my eyes and  savor  the taste for a second. 
We're giving her a  commission  of lieutenant. 
Please adjust your calendar  accordingly. &nbsp;  
We don't have to go  straightaway , do we? 
but I couldn't  utter  a sound 
Humanity was  venturing  into the unknown. 
Starting  bid  is 10 million dollars. 
For them, solidarity must not  cease . 
 I speak English. 
  You think too much 
 We see dead people. 
  They speak English. 
 He speaks English. 
  She thinks too much 
 It sees dead people  
His shoes  squeaked  loudly as he walked. 
Best  tenant  I've ever had. 
Okay, I  gotcha . 
He's a  resourceful  man. 
Of course I understand about  outsourcing . 
I'll lose control of my  loneliness . 
We must find a way to  vanquish  these creatures. 
she crawled out of her  coffin . 
He  whittled  all this for me. 
This applies for all  screw  compressors. 
Maybe he should have used a  coaster . 
Don’t wear that, it makes you look  sluttish . 
At times they even talk  alike . 
On rare occasion I do  relish  it. 
I'm expecting some kind of  severance . 
I'm here to share my moral  outrage . 
It's very hard to  disguise  a walk. 
The body can  absorb  whey protein quickly. 
I believe you have my  stapler  
I'm  thirsty , hungry and tired. 
Do you think she's had  breast  implants 
we got our  rebate  now 
I don't need the gun to  convict  you. 
So I spent a little time in the  clink . 
You can't just  tease  a guy like this. 
It was a  bold move  
She  split up  with her boyfriend last week. 
Luke might be the  rebound  guy. 
One day he finds a  chainsaw  
I don't care if you  depose  Ranna 
  I don't speak English 
  You don't think too much. 
We don't see dead people. 
  They don't speak English. 
  He doesn't speak English. 
  She doesn't think too much. 
  It doesn't see dead people. 
This is the most  impoverished  neighborhood in the city. 
You can't  disclose  any details. 
There is  booty  to be found 
I thought you said it was just a simple  theft . 
Just a chance to  indulge  my curiosity. 
I'm not trying to  flatter  you. 
lets go get a  broom  
I got a  niece  your age. 
Every June there is a  raspberry  festival. 
A  tummy  ache 
And I can see your  bra  
  Do you speak English? 
  Do I think too much? 
  Do we see dead people? 
  Do they speak English? 
  Does he speak English? 
  Does she think too much? 
  Does it see dead people? 
You shouldn't  eavesdrop ! 
I tell them I have a  jealous  ex. 
Woman's&nbsp; shame &nbsp;is man's invention. 
You must never  linger  to discuss a case. 
The Bridgestone front  tire  is a great tire. 
You know, those  pita  sandwiches? 
One was small but  chunky . 
You throw a nice  shindig , Ray. 
 Shrimp  fest is over 
We can assume the  waiver  is acceptable. 
Those  daggers  won't work on him. 
shoot some hoops 
We were all in the bar sipping  cocktails . 
Ramirez is looking forward to a  fresh start  with his new team. 
it's only a little  picket fence . 
This guy is a  disgruntled  employee. 
Our  perpetrator  is stealing famous animals. 
we  MERGED  these two branches 
i derserve a  bump  
 A company car and a mobile phone are some of the  perks  that come with the job.
I have been  shunned  all my life. 
My clothes are cold and it's  drafty  here. 
I think you'll be a great  greeter  .
 Visual aids  are in different points of the class. 
But this eye sees everything  blurry . 
I was in a  drugstore  
Because it's a  felony  
I don't think you should  resign . 
I get a  Pap smear  every 6 months. 
I'm sure she'll be  gravely  disappointed. 
Bathroom with shower and double  sink . 
However the place was still  cozy . 
You should do a push-up  contest . 
I know it seems  harsh  
After your  outburst  today 
Small details are  oftentimes  a very decisive factor. 
I thought you said Sally was  shallow . 
The mind is a  remarkable  thing. 
This is  by far  the most successful. 
This method improves  soil  
  I am happy. I'm Happy 
  You are here. You're here 
 He is amazing. Hi's amazing 
 She is beautiful. She's&nbsp;beautiful  
 It is amazing. It's amazing&nbsp; 
 We are here. We're here  
 They are happy. The're happy  
I wanted to meet you before I  withdraw . 
Chris, I mean you're  nuts . 
Suddenly the main door of  graveyard  is locked. 
Thats a little  kinky  
Tobey had a&nbsp; cast&nbsp; on his right hand. 
You're talking about  mercy killing . 
To avoid any possible  unpleasantness  
As a member of the  guerilla  
Because if you were  mocking  your king 
He was fired due to  budget  cuts. 
He's not  aware  how complicated things are. 
You're a very&nbsp; self-aware &nbsp;person 
There are only four plates plus the  cutlery . 
Various  assorted  items. 
There was  piss  all over the floor. 
And your sister's acting like a  twerp  
I was only trying to  piss you off . 
A  notarized  copy of your degree is required. 
I'm not an  unreasonable  man 
And our  kidnap  victim is missing. 
  I am not happy. I'm not happy. 
  You are not here. You're not here. You aren't here. 
  He is not amazing. He's not amazing. He isn't amazing. 
  She is not beautiful. She's not beautiful. She isn't beautiful. 
  It is not amazing. It's not amazing. It isn't amazing. 
  We are not here. We're not here. We aren't here. 
  They are not happy. They're not happy. They aren't happy. 
Information is the  lifeblood  of every business. 
I read  bedtime stories ... every evening. 
He said to  stick  by your side. 
For me, Lisbon is an absolutely  captivating  city. 
I set a trap to  nab  them both. 
We shouldn't  gamble  with something like this 
Because their behaviour poses a great  threat  to people. 
I know how  clever  he was. 
My husband always was a  passionate  man. 
Too expensive and a bit  shabby . 
  Am I happy? 
  Are you here? 
  Is he amazing? 
  Is she beautiful? 
  Is it amazing? 
  Are we here? 
  Are they happy? 
And you give me a foot  rub . 
And my night vision still  sucks . 
You're  titillate , don't you? 
Just the thought of blood makes me  queasy . 
The little village has very  narrow  streets. 
The female soul is like a  chestnut . 
You need to  simmer down  and breathe, brother. 
Patients never  sue  doctors they like. 
They say that  beet  juice can lower blood pressure. 
But all I have to do is  press charges . 
So the  landlady  is Mrs. Wong. 
You should know a lot of  chicks . 
A chance to prove my  greatness . 
And  in order  to protect the people, you need military power. 
I hate when you  stutter  my name. 
Stop  blabbering  and pass me my gun. 
I was just  joshing  you. 
They built a house at the foot of a  cliff . 
When things get serious I'm pretty  cowardly . 
It's like a  tickle  button. 
That storm is  headed  our way. 
I had to hide in the  swamp . 
Bless you 
And their daily  struggle  to resist. 
I will  rid  the world of it. 
Your little friend just kicked my  butt . 
We should  sweep in  under the carpet 
 It's a little  icky , actually.
People are  suspicious  of me 
 Delusion  or wrong ideas arise from anger 
Your little  weirdo  friend, too. 
That  stroller  cost 300 bucks, easy. 
The  kidney  problems aren't connected. 
You promised me no more  fattening  foods. 
It's just a piece of  lettuce . 
Now, please disconnect this  wire . 
More profit than we ever  dreamed  of. 
I've never been a  bridesmaid . 
That's not really a  psych  issue. 
Now on a summer night in a  dusky  room 
She sees me as  distasteful , a monster. 
Try not to look  smug  
And it has a  bridal  suite 
You better put that cow into the  barn . 
She finally told me about being  raped . 
And now it's the biggest  leap . 
  I have a car. I've got a car. 
  You have a friend. You've got a friend. 
  We have feelings. We've got feelings. 
  They have a surprise for you. They've got a surprise for you. 
    I got a car. Got a minute? Got room for one more?&nbsp; 
  He has a car. He's got a car. 
  She has a house. She's got a house. 
  It has a name. It's got a name. 
And you didn't tell me I get a meal  per diem . 
Just ask the  concierge  
You're  pissed  about last night. 
You leave me no choice,  highness . 
NASA must be  going berserk  right now. 
I will  maintain  my normal behaviour 
We can't  bury  this man without prayer. 
This is my Bitcoin&nbsp; wallet&nbsp; address 
I'm talking to a  dummy . 
A little bit of a  rough  patch in their marriage 
I would like to  state  that this is a very important question. 
I'm not talking till you  step back . 
And nobody goes  further  than them. 
I asked if you wear  shoulder pads . 
And you look like a poodle with a  perm . 
I have a  roast  in the oven 
She knows I&nbsp; ran over &nbsp;Nick. 
Put this on the  bulletin board . 
Would be a  shuffle  
you're like an  icicle  
  I don't have a car. I haven't got a car. 
  You don't have a friend. You haven't got a friend. 
  We don't have feelings. We haven't got feelings. 
  They don't have a surprise for you. They haven't got a surprise  for you 
  He doesn't have a car. He hasn't got a car. 
  She doesn't have a house. She hasn't got a house. 
  It doesn't have a name. It hasn't got a name. 
So we  eloped  and went to Vegas. 
Today's  lecture  is about trees. 
 screw you  
He's not too  dorky , is he? 
I knew Marlowe had  steered  me right. 
It's too  risky  to have them alive. 
I spent five years in  juvie  
You are more  chipper  
He  shoved  my head 
It is the  Vessel  that attacked us earlier. 
There's no time to  start over  from zero. 
You can't keep&nbsp; boog  ying  like this. 
I wanna a  truce  
Well, that's a  bummer . 
It is one of the best modern  turntables  
These  morons  tried to rob us. 
You look like a  trout  
The bank approved my  loan  today. 
The recent  coup  in Mauritania is disappointing. 
The oil also tastes very  bitter . 
That's why you  defrauded  these families. 
That sounds pretty  biased  
The sweet aroma will  entice  you. 
Phyllis did  injure  herself 
Our son is dating a  fatty . 
My  fiancé  and his family live here. 
In America, we call it  gossip . 
I wasn't  making out  with him. 
My  affair  with Emma ended long ago. 
You must follow correct  procedure  at all times. 
So I  inherit  everything you started. 
I have to go to the  slaughterhouse . 
 Disruptive  solutions for a sustainable world. 
She's more  badass  than I am. 
A small  firecracker  explodes inside me. 
Twitter is a video  search engine.  
This room is a  pit  
The easiest way to  jump-start  your knowledge 
Well, that sounds a little  far-fetched . 
In order to  surveil  you 
  Do I have a car? Have I got a car? 
  Do you have a friend? Have you got a friend? 
  Do we have feelings? Have we got feelings? 
  Do they have a surprise for you? Have they got a surprise for you? 
  Does he have a car? Has he got a car? 
   Does she have a house? Has she got a house?
  Does it have a name? Has it got a name? 
The way we  mock  the devil. 
Don't do the  twirl  
I will probably be making cheeseburgers for your  grandkids . 
What they're doing is  ruthless . 
 Behold  nature in all its glory here. 
This is more like  finger food  
Go to her office and  heckle  her. 
Are you using that  dandruff  shampoo? 
Now we call it cyberbullying and online  harassment . 
I'm not taking her to  daycare . 
I dont want to appear  ungrateful  
Therefore I  humbly  suggest another of our sisters. 
I can't just hit him with a  shovel . 
i've been noticing a  gaping hole  in my life 
You'll come equipped to enduce  labor . 
She was changing the baby's  diaper . 
The future is  marvelous  
he was a  gawky  
I created a  void  that only I could fill. 
Our alien is  hooked  on gossip magazines. 
I think it's just  indigestion . 
But you'll need an  engineer . 
I'm just a  lowly  art teacher. 
Maybe she's a bad typist. 
there are a couple  flights  
I press this  trigger , you die. 
I hate being fed like a  toddler . 
What this man did was  outrageous . 
i can  swing  by your house 
he is my  foster  brother 
You are a very  unkind  man. 
What I have done, I cannot  undo . 
Tests showed high  radon  levels 
You little Chinese  otter  
This is Rosie, our  maid . 
A glass of  skimmed  yogurt 
I was just helping my dad  mop up . 
I was at the  morgue  last night. 
This guy's the  snitch  
You may feel a slight  pinch . 
   he is my  nephew   
I want a  pitcher  of water. 
 Counseling  and modern technology can help you. 
I can  forge  his signature perfectly. 
Who has  bested  me without fail until now. 
I thought I saw a  roach . 
I know you're not a  pigeon . 
Many farmers identify their sheep by painting their  fleeces  
A  pitiful  excuse for a warrior. 
 Beat it  and keep quiet, understood? 
  We had a bad day. 
  You did a great job. 
  He went to jail. 
  I knew from the beginning. 
  They saw a cat. 
  It made me laugh. 
  I looked at you. 
  You wanted more. 
  He asked if I could drive. 
  We tried many times. 
  They stopped at a good place. 
  It needed to be fixed. 
 Absence  is the essence of desire. 
a  framed  photograph 
False  Ceiling  for Office 
You need water and bread to  soak up  the alcohol. 
 Sooner  than you think. 
This is the basic formula for the  cartwheel . 
You hit a man under the  chin . 
 Childhood  is the key to everything 
You started acting  dumb  as well. 
Should we  take apart  the clock tower? 
Just wondering why you  ditched  me. 
I still haven't heard about your  walkabout . 
A problem may exist with the print  cartridge . 
Your image  caption  should be clean 
 Pop culture  was in art, now 
You say " ditto ." That's not the same. 
We're not a  pawn shop . 
 Grunt  again, you big baby! 
I could hit anything with a hockey  puck . 
I got drunk and caused a  wreck . 
His father was an  aide  in the White House. 
My ears are  buzzing  
You can't replace a  juggler . 
 Belly  massage helps release the gases. 
He laughed and called me a  whore . 
The water is very  murky  here. 
The surgeon said it was a  close call  
For some reason her upper lips were  moist . 
You don't  fit  this job 
We cannot identify exactly what this  mammal  is. 
You can  claim  this as proof of your vampirism. 
They are going towards the  pitch . 
I have to say, I'm a little  underwhelmed . 
We ran down to the beach and  plunged  into the sea. 
i wanna explore the  depths  
When I opened it, it was  scratched . 
Welcome to another  thrilling  edition of Zombie Idol. 
I love a  rousing  game 
you can  browse  manually. 
I read your  statement  to Starfleet. 
Now you all are  homeless  just like us. 
What will I do with this  doodle ? 
they're  tickling  me. 
but that is a  misconception . 
we are  rolling out  features 
They  elude  us like clouds in the wind. 
you guys can  wisecrack  all you want. 
Your mother not need diamonds to  shine . 
The child is  rightfully  your daughter. 
 Shortly  I'll do you the favour. 
They came to  trivia  Night 
Press the Delete key to remove  unwanted  content. 
Your  Chief  of Department wants another word. 
Store the food in an  airtight  container 
Maybe this is all a  fluke . 
Never lose  sight  of your subject. 
We cannot hurt anyone's  belief . 
Peel carrots with a vegetable  peeler . 
People are silently  begging  to be led. 
A  sneaky  boy is what you are. 
This is just a  detour  from my path. 
i like to  gather  a lot of opinions 
They  emphasize  prevention as the key to health. 
People believe the boy is  possessed  
how do you  gauge  
we should  charge  them little 
She was obviously only a  middleman . 
Your entire business  relies  on IT 
I will give you one tight  slap . 
Can you stop  dissing  my dad? 
but it's just so  mesmerizing . 
I thought this plan was  foolproof . 
And King is  frantically  looking for him. 
A good monk will  persevere  always. 
Foreign music is  meaningless  and empty. 
You almost hit the  chairman  of NBS. 
First impression can be  misleading  
Sorry about the  clutter  in the kitchen. 
Social media's showing the same  trend . 
From a medical  standpoint  
The minimum  wage  would be the maximum  wage . 
They found a bomb  underneath  the car. 
You're not  constrained  by rules. 
Decoration is somehow  outdated  but OK. 
Behind me is the nuclear  blast . 
Actually, you  resemble  his girlfriend. 
how do you  land  clients? 
Customized  spec  are acceptable 
Fiona works in  advertising . 
I'm doing very  meaningful  work. 
It'd be a  back-and-forth  thing. 
But a harder thing to  endure . 
He's planning to purchase it  preemptively . 
I'll  summarize  it in one word 
Their work is  crucially  important. 
That's where my  foundry  is. 
It is a clear message  legible  to everyone. 
We  empower  people like you around here. 
Have the circles touching but not  overlapping . 
They're locked in your bathroom  cupboard . 
Lions and crocodiles around your  tent . 
started to  drift  out of the tent 
What we found was just  astounding . 
Your first suspect is usually the  spouse . 
I  feel as though  I were losing a good friend. 
The  outward  appearance of the building 
Beautiful boat at a very  affordable  price. 
Anyway here is a code  snippet . 
I'm still a  bachelor . 
I  panicked  and pulled out the gun. 
You'll go  into a tailspin . 
a  pint  of milk 
You're very generous with your  praise . 
This possibility must not be  overlooked . 
I'm a&nbsp; fear-based &nbsp;person 
They&nbsp; embraced&nbsp; and kissed each other. 
the  baddies  are arrested. 
To achieve the&nbsp; research&nbsp; objectives. 
I will not answer&nbsp; vaguely.  
But&nbsp; nonetheless , I was wrong. 
It is about&nbsp; grandeur.  
You made me use me last&nbsp; tissue . 
They like to be kissed  without further ado . 
Your  kitten  is just the same. 
The view from the top of the mountain is  breathtaking . 
I don't like the  pace  of modern life. 
Promise not to talk about&nbsp; puberty . 
Great changes will&nbsp; take place &nbsp;next month. 
The word choice&nbsp; triggered&nbsp; a memory. 
I believe this business model will expand&nbsp; rapidly&nbsp; . 
We'll need to&nbsp; enlarge&nbsp; the conference room. 
Loss of appetite may&nbsp; occur&nbsp; during treatment. 
Your brain scan showed evidence of a&nbsp; stroke . 
And&nbsp; frankly , because you're a woman. 
This is the&nbsp; blueprint&nbsp; of every day. 
He returned a week later, much&nbsp; grayer . 
He has this&nbsp; bushy&nbsp; mustache 
The balcony was&nbsp; unlit.  
I can not  dangle  from a rope like Tarzan. 
Like a&nbsp; paddle&nbsp; in a boat. 
But I still try to paddle&nbsp; upstream . 
Sounds like a teenage&nbsp; rant&nbsp; to me. 
The project now seems&nbsp; feasible . 
There was a&nbsp; rerun&nbsp; of wild kingdom. 
The&nbsp; rudder&nbsp; won't move. 
She&nbsp; lit&nbsp; a flame. 
I saw her&nbsp; fairly&nbsp; recently. 
A&nbsp; booming&nbsp; voice. 
I was&nbsp; summoned&nbsp; for an important conference. 
As if you've suddenly&nbsp; blossomed . 
What's happening is almost&nbsp; unimaginable . 
It feels really heavy, like a&nbsp; boulder . 
You must&nbsp; overcome&nbsp; your fears. 
But his heart has&nbsp; suffered&nbsp; great damage. 
You can&nbsp; capsize&nbsp; their boat. 
You can use&nbsp; cocoa&nbsp; powder to make the cake. 
You know, like personal&nbsp; fulfillment . 
The  pervasive  smell of flowers in the garden was delightful.  
His soul hadn't crossed the&nbsp; threshold . 
An&nbsp; unplanned&nbsp; pregnancy. 
I went to see a&nbsp; hospice&nbsp; today. 
We can't&nbsp; disregard&nbsp; our sense of obligation. 
Patient's&nbsp; liver's&nbsp; not working. 
He broke the guy's&nbsp; forearm . 
The&nbsp; factory&nbsp; closed within a year. 
I think Gus is losing&nbsp; consciousness . 
 Take over &nbsp;the controls, I'll show you. 
She is our&nbsp; pathway&nbsp; to glory. 
A spy&nbsp; disguised&nbsp; as a supervisor. 
Learning is like&nbsp; currency&nbsp; to them. 
your sense of&nbsp; completion.  
This keeps everything&nbsp; unified . 
You'll&nbsp; entertain&nbsp; customers. 
Made during the paper&nbsp; manufacturing&nbsp; process. 
Show some mercy for the poor&nbsp; beggar . 
Making a home is man's&nbsp; aim&nbsp; in life. 
There is nothing&nbsp; intrinsically&nbsp; wrong with that. 
You cannot&nbsp; remain&nbsp; hidden. 
I haven't had much&nbsp; income&nbsp; from my stocks. 
I've been very&nbsp; fortunate . 
You can't just&nbsp; wander&nbsp; around at night. 
Maybe your&nbsp; anxiety&nbsp; threshold is low. 
And not&nbsp; merely&nbsp; a consequence. 
I told you I had a&nbsp; hunch . 
He will do it&nbsp; inwardly.  
Every operation needs a well-defined&nbsp; hierarchy . 
Don't blame me too&nbsp; harshly&nbsp; for losing her. 
I'm not a&nbsp; tyrant . 
The satisfaction&nbsp; degree&nbsp; was 96.2%. 
The robot was fully&nbsp; automatized . 
I'm already at the&nbsp; forefront . 
Travel&nbsp; broadens&nbsp; the mind. 
Industry&nbsp; pundits&nbsp; said the idea wouldn't work. 
He was pretty&nbsp; wimpy . 
I think you're my new&nbsp; gunner . 
 Rewire  your mindset for success and positivity.  
Brush your&nbsp; doll's&nbsp; hair regularly. 
I'm recommending a two-year&nbsp; sentence . 
The&nbsp; spell&nbsp; definitely worked. 
 Abortion&nbsp; is illegal in some countries. 
Please tell the doctor to&nbsp; accompany&nbsp; me. 
 You can  accomplish  anything if you believe in it.
Next time you can&nbsp; accuse&nbsp; me. 
But she may be our greatest&nbsp; achievement . 
Unless the new player had an&nbsp; advantage . 
Rockstar also removed the&nbsp; rating&nbsp; system. 
 Emphasis&nbsp; on cash flow. 
Now, this will sound&nbsp; conservative . 
Then we will&nbsp; educate&nbsp; society. 
Your&nbsp; darkness&nbsp; is something he seeks. 
You're a very good&nbsp; poet . 
I would like to&nbsp; cite&nbsp; a case. 
I clearly have nothing to&nbsp; contribute . 
I&nbsp; particularly&nbsp; like wines from Burgundy. 
We form a&nbsp; vast&nbsp; family called humanity. 
I have to&nbsp; warn&nbsp; my dad. 
We can transfer to another&nbsp; airline . 
I certainly hope to gain a little  wisdom . 
The credit card&nbsp; bill&nbsp; came today. 
I heard Lord Bills is extremely&nbsp; powerful . 
One final&nbsp; tip&nbsp; before moving on. 
Just returning the&nbsp; favor . 
It's an urban&nbsp; myth . 
I worked for Mr Coward&nbsp; briefly . 
We also need to&nbsp; strengthen&nbsp; dialogue. 
You must&nbsp; seize&nbsp; every opportunity in life. 
A stovetop and&nbsp; kettle&nbsp; are also available. 
A fish&nbsp; rots&nbsp; from the head down. 
I want my mom to apply the&nbsp; ointment . 
My father is the&nbsp; cobbler . 
A nation of&nbsp; shopkeepers . 
And don't use the dish&nbsp; rag . 
Help the hero&nbsp; gather&nbsp; golden coins. 
A&nbsp; skeleton&nbsp; in the closet. 
A&nbsp; sledgehammer&nbsp; to crack a nut. 
Here's your&nbsp; damn&nbsp; war story. 
Where deserts freeze and waters&nbsp; boil . 
Don't have a&nbsp; hissy fit . 
I drove my&nbsp; lorry&nbsp; all over Europe. 
You're a very&nbsp; vain &nbsp;man. 
You're in great&nbsp; peril&nbsp; here. 
I'll never play the&nbsp; fiddle&nbsp; again. 
 Beware . This site is cursed. 
Maybe you could roll a&nbsp; barrel . 
Cause you're about to&nbsp; keel over . 
Like being&nbsp; savaged&nbsp; by a dead sheep. 
They were in this&nbsp; pond . 
It's the size of a&nbsp; pea . 
They're not on the&nbsp; warpath . 
To literally rise from the&nbsp; ashes . 
Between you, me and the&nbsp; bed-post . 
 Mint &nbsp;is good for everything. 
Examine soles of feet and&nbsp; heels . 
For a moment I was in a&nbsp; quandary . 
Trust me, it's a&nbsp; flea . 
He lived in a&nbsp; straw&nbsp; house. 
Hope the eggs haven't&nbsp; hatched&nbsp; under you. 
You obviously know what's&nbsp; afoot . 
He wants to die in my&nbsp; rug . 
I saw the baker's girl deliver a&nbsp; loaf&nbsp; yesterday. 
He wasn't as&nbsp; daft&nbsp; as he looked. 
Welcome to&nbsp; Hairy&nbsp; Tarantula. 
 Revenge&nbsp; is a dish best served cold. 
You hear me&nbsp; whistle , shoot him. 
It was a&nbsp; dull&nbsp; job. 
I can also&nbsp; wag&nbsp; my tail. 
We using this&nbsp; damper&nbsp; to block the flux. 
I could pick it up in a&nbsp; trice . 
List of&nbsp; prime&nbsp; ministers of India. 
Two can play the security&nbsp; breach&nbsp; game. 
They found the&nbsp; donkey&nbsp; and untied it. 
Well, I brought the&nbsp; stool . 
Nice job,&nbsp; butterfingers . 
You must never pass underneath a&nbsp; clothesline . 
I am&nbsp; mightier&nbsp; than you. 
You&nbsp; knowingly&nbsp; put them in danger. 
To&nbsp; boldly &nbsp;go where no man has gone before 
The road to hell is&nbsp; paved&nbsp; with good intentions 
It's shaped like a&nbsp; spanner . 
You look as if you've been&nbsp; dragged  
At least you're no&nbsp; stool pigeon . 
Save yourself from all this&nbsp; madness . 
You fired at her three times&nbsp; point-blank.  
Your days are&nbsp; numbered.  
I need this place&nbsp; spick and span . 
I'm&nbsp; unsure&nbsp; about things between us. 
That is a very&nbsp; grisly&nbsp; scene. 
Looks like Miss Salinas was&nbsp; stabbed . 
Anger allows you to attack&nbsp; viciously . 
It was like she had been&nbsp; brainwashed . 
My dad is not a&nbsp; ringleader . 
That&nbsp; nutjob&nbsp; must be cooking up a plan. 
Anything's possible if you're a&nbsp; bogeyman . 
More interested in proft than  mayhem  
Our&nbsp; parallel&nbsp; count shows that we won. 
Vince is a&nbsp; prepper . 
I could think about it till&nbsp; doomsday . 
The whole town&nbsp; flooded . 
You'll&nbsp; debrief&nbsp; him at a hotel 
Your&nbsp; flock&nbsp; gets smaller every year. 
And I have the&nbsp; bruise&nbsp; to prove it. 
Okay, it's probably just a&nbsp; sprain . 
He became kind of a legal&nbsp; junkie . 
Please tell me that's not a&nbsp; onesie . 
The information is provided without&nbsp; liability . 
I know, but it smells&nbsp; musty . 
He is chasing a&nbsp; dubious&nbsp; gentleman. 
Doesn't mean he's&nbsp; legit . 
A&nbsp; deceitful&nbsp; justification for aggression and war. 
The point is, my mother's a little&nbsp; unhinged . 
We monitor&nbsp; pygmy&nbsp; rabbits with drones. 
Things are getting&nbsp; nasty . 
The dance should be more than just&nbsp; titillation . 
The island is&nbsp; uninhabited . 
The world around me seemed to be&nbsp; crumbling . 
I bought a house as a&nbsp; buffer&nbsp; against inflation. 
I can see why you're so&nbsp; keen&nbsp; to get involved. 
The average&nbsp; household&nbsp; size was 1.87 
No, I have a&nbsp; kinship&nbsp; with them. 
A&nbsp; dwelling&nbsp; is not a home. 
it's just&nbsp; meters&nbsp; away 
It seems a big thing to&nbsp; withhold . 
I'm sending a&nbsp; plainclothes&nbsp; team to the club. 
It'll activate the&nbsp; warhead&nbsp; when I die. 
The&nbsp; debris&nbsp; was removed in a 30-minute operation. 
But I have never&nbsp; witnessed&nbsp; this before. 
Because you are in an accident&nbsp; prone&nbsp; area. 
This ship could&nbsp; outrun&nbsp; a Romulan interceptor. 
The last&nbsp; sighting&nbsp; was somewhere near the forest. 
It needs to be in a cup with a&nbsp; saucer . 
You were&nbsp; stargazing&nbsp; every night this week. 
you're in the right&nbsp; vicinity . 
Then I can't accept your&nbsp; testimony . 
I won't permit such&nbsp; blatant&nbsp; moves again. 
Why is my baby&nbsp; spitting out &nbsp;food? 
This case was&nbsp; dismissed&nbsp; three weeks ago. 
It's&nbsp; roughly&nbsp; one in a billion. 
We get to&nbsp; stomp&nbsp; grapes and taste wine. 
But she&nbsp; stared&nbsp; at me so strangely. 
We'll all&nbsp; conquer&nbsp; something today. 
Fear of death is the number one&nbsp; hoax . 
I'm just an&nbsp; ongoing&nbsp; project. 
She&nbsp; leaked&nbsp; info to a journalist. 
For centuries, you've&nbsp; ridiculed&nbsp; me. 
The topic of politics can be highly  contentious .  
In the same work he&nbsp; argued&nbsp; in favour of social order. 
Russia maintains a naval&nbsp; facility&nbsp; in Tartus. 
The next day, he was&nbsp; shot down  
But Heaven will&nbsp; await&nbsp; my soul. 
His story begins with a weekend&nbsp; hiking  
He's already feeling tired and&nbsp; drowsy . 
I want you to imagine a&nbsp; meadow . 
He'll&nbsp; descend&nbsp; four steps, then stop. 
I didn't know you had a&nbsp; benevolent&nbsp; agenda. 
Means her right&nbsp; lung&nbsp; is collapsing. 
Your&nbsp; crew&nbsp; know and trust me. 
I see you're a&nbsp; skeptic . 
Find solace in your&nbsp; faction . 
He might&nbsp; shed light on &nbsp;this mystery. 
Use religious clothing in public is&nbsp; strictly&nbsp; prohibited. 
She's very&nbsp; coy&nbsp; about her age. 
I have seen the&nbsp; extent&nbsp; of his forces. 
She'll be under&nbsp; surveillance&nbsp; 24 7. 
Now your left hand&nbsp; firmly&nbsp; pull the chain. 
Nothing will&nbsp; hinder&nbsp; the rise of my power. 
Most common obstacles for&nbsp; harnessing &nbsp;time. 
You can't sign the&nbsp; affidavit . 
That's a soldier's&nbsp; oath . 
Until he tries to&nbsp; slit&nbsp; my throat. 
But a&nbsp; crease&nbsp; is more elegant. 
Somebody bring me the&nbsp; chinless&nbsp; head of Roger. 
He's very&nbsp; discerning , doesn't make friends easily. 
The boss didn't want to&nbsp; arouse&nbsp; suspicion. 
The  attainment  of the success is not easy.  
Doesn't explain the metal&nbsp; rivet  
You can also add some&nbsp; eggplant&nbsp; or mushroom. 
Be careful there, it's&nbsp; slippery . 
Mother Mary&nbsp; appeared&nbsp; in a blinding light. 
We&nbsp; equaled&nbsp; all the technology 
There is little&nbsp; verifiable&nbsp; evidence to confirm. 
You're a&nbsp; renowned&nbsp; specialist. 
They also&nbsp; asserted&nbsp; no visual contacts were made. 
We've made remarkable&nbsp; strides&nbsp; with the prototype. 
Private vehicle at&nbsp; disposal&nbsp; all day. 
The following&nbsp; chart&nbsp; may help your discussion. 
Sorry, there is no&nbsp; hint&nbsp; for this level. 
I used a very, very&nbsp; noiseless&nbsp; saw. 
A little more&nbsp; stealth , please. 
You cannot&nbsp; detach&nbsp; the main or temp databases. 
Works&nbsp; seamlessly&nbsp; with Siri and Alexa. 
This isn't an&nbsp; anomalous&nbsp; vessel. 
The company owns a  fleet  of cars.  
That&nbsp; premise&nbsp; has always been true. 
Barkov&nbsp; allegedly&nbsp; did some jobs for him. 
You don't look&nbsp; ripe &nbsp;to me. 
Without followers, evil cannot&nbsp; spread . 
Disable the&nbsp; undesirable&nbsp; plugin and click Close. 
Your&nbsp; inquiry&nbsp; wrapped six months ago. 
I saw you&nbsp; gazing&nbsp; out the window. 
This is truly&nbsp; unprecedented &nbsp;in medical history. 
He is very dedicated and&nbsp; devout . 
The main material is&nbsp; pine.  
You're pretty good with a&nbsp; blowtorch . 
Kyle&nbsp; sued&nbsp; Zach the next day. 
Maybe the&nbsp; remnants&nbsp; of the solar storm. 
Probably felt the same about being a&nbsp; whistle-blower . 
We must&nbsp; dissect&nbsp; it to see how it works. 
Mommy's a little bit&nbsp; addicted&nbsp; to the TV. 
She had a deep and&nbsp; abiding&nbsp; love for her family. 
Then put a&nbsp; handful&nbsp; of rice. 
Your confidence in me is&nbsp; bracing  
when they&nbsp; inhaled&nbsp; the mist. 
We'll be home&nbsp; at dawn . 
There's no sign of&nbsp; tampering . 
She&nbsp; narrowly&nbsp; won the elections. 
He walks like a&nbsp; sailor . 
Your daughter is the only&nbsp; eyewitness . 
The result was a&nbsp; resounding&nbsp; success. 
This was a lot more than a&nbsp; bang . 
Police found no&nbsp; trace&nbsp; of Quinn. 
His symptoms will progress quite&nbsp; sharply . 
If required they can be moved&nbsp; upwards . 
You make it sound&nbsp; chilling . 
So I can help&nbsp; decipher&nbsp; what happened here. 
It's not just a technological&nbsp; breakthrough . 
I gaze at her&nbsp; warily&nbsp; unable to speak. 
He wanted you to stop&nbsp; hoarding&nbsp; all the penicillin. 
Water is&nbsp; mankind's&nbsp; most important resource. 
Most of the works were&nbsp; hitherto&nbsp; unknown 
That woman is&nbsp; undoubtedly&nbsp; coming here 
He hoped you would&nbsp; uncover&nbsp; the truth. 
A&nbsp; noble&nbsp; who stole his heart. 
The gas&nbsp; chamber&nbsp; or an injection. 
 bluish -grey eyes 
Broke her&nbsp; jaw&nbsp; six months ago. 
You're trying to fill my&nbsp; bucket list . 
Hope my next&nbsp; pupil&nbsp; is more obedient. 
We're concerned about&nbsp; environmental&nbsp; controls. 
We continue to&nbsp; lobby&nbsp; the Congress 
Keep food fresh to&nbsp; draw&nbsp; customer's attention. 
Sometimes life can be&nbsp; overwhelmingly&nbsp; stressful. 
See if he can&nbsp; decode&nbsp; that. 
We cannot explain culture&nbsp; in its entirety . 
We cracked the top&nbsp; rung . 
Climb the corporate&nbsp; ladder . 
With some&nbsp; reluctance , Ted agrees. 
They had no&nbsp; regard&nbsp; for life. 
Rosie, this is&nbsp; deadly serious . 
I must admit, I'm a little&nbsp; baffled . 
It means that the tumor is already too deeply&nbsp; entrenched . 
Just another machine to&nbsp; pollute&nbsp; the earth. 
After a few weeks, the&nbsp; backlash&nbsp; seems inevitable. 
Once again, the hostage is&nbsp; freed . 
You need to&nbsp; tackle&nbsp; that issue. 
Fans were&nbsp; huddling&nbsp; under their umbrellas. 
Give me the&nbsp; stake&nbsp; money 
It's&nbsp; eerie &nbsp;when you don't talk. 
I find infinity beautiful and&nbsp; haunting  
The children were&nbsp; wrangling&nbsp; over the new toy. 
What you told me is&nbsp; grandiose ! 
I'm still&nbsp; a bottomless pit . 
Your affection for humans is&nbsp; nauseating . 
It's like we're fighting in&nbsp; quicksand . 
Then he&nbsp; summed&nbsp; these two results. 
No, we're&nbsp; booked solid . 
A&nbsp; high-stakes &nbsp;poker game 
She sat up,&nbsp; peering&nbsp; out the window. 
Samson was&nbsp; tamed&nbsp; by a woman. 
All illuminated like a&nbsp; starry&nbsp; sky. 
We believe we have a&nbsp; yardstick&nbsp; to measure it. 
Like you, she's a&nbsp; mathematician . 
Also helps maintain&nbsp; continuity&nbsp; within the agency. 
This was completely&nbsp; inconceivable&nbsp; to us. 
The apple is looking kind of&nbsp; mealy  
One of her&nbsp; decayed&nbsp; teeth had dropped out. 
Start&nbsp; cranking&nbsp; and come with me. 
Are there&nbsp; finitely&nbsp; or infinitely many solutions? 
I can input information&nbsp; instantaneously.  
Uncle Ned is&nbsp; primed&nbsp; to go. 
Yes. But don't expect an&nbsp; encore . 
I was really&nbsp; pooped , boss. 
I still felt&nbsp; horrendously&nbsp; disfigured. 
She's less than a&nbsp; speck&nbsp; of dirt. 
Brilliant&nbsp; thinkers&nbsp; who influence how we live. 
I was just a little&nbsp; puzzled . 
Women have a&nbsp; connectedness&nbsp; to their bodies 
She herself can naturally&nbsp; reside&nbsp; in England. 
Your way in this world is only a&nbsp; brief moment . 
How&nbsp; fleeting&nbsp; that experience may be. 
His respect for Engels was&nbsp; immense . 
See if that helps with the&nbsp; recoil . 
A region is a&nbsp; bounded&nbsp; space. 
The victim didn't just&nbsp; tumble&nbsp; down the stairs. 
In the movie, the real and the dream&nbsp; intertwine . 
The&nbsp; riddle&nbsp; cannot be solved 
We didn't have a bad day 
  He didn't go to jail. 
  I didn't know from the beginning. 
  You didn't do a great job. 
  They didn't see a cat. 
  It didn't make me laugh. 
  I didn't look at you. 
  You didn't want more. 
  He didn't ask if I could drive. 
  We didn't try many times. 
  They didn't stop at a good place. 
  It didn't need to be fixed. 
  Did we have a bad day? 
  Did he go to jail? 
  Did I know from the beginning? 
  Did you do a great job? 
  Did they see a cat? 
  Did it make me laugh? 
  Did I look at you? 
  Did you want more? 
  Did he ask if I could drive? 
  Did we try many times? 
  Did they stop at a good place? 
  Did it need to be fixed? 
  I was happy. 
  You were here. 
  He was amazing. 
  She was beautiful. 
  It was amazing. 
  We were here. 
  They were happy. 
  I wasn't happy. I was not happy. 
  You weren't here. You were not here. 
  He wasn't amazing. He was not amazing. 
  She wasn't beautiful. She was not beautiful. 
  It wasn't amazing. It was not amazing. 
  We weren't here. We were not here. 
  They weren't happy. They were not happy. 
  Was I happy? 
  Were you here? 
  Was he amazing? 
  Was she beautiful? 
  Was it amazing? 
  Were we here? 
  Were they happy? 
  I've been busy for the past week. I have been busy for the past  week. 
  He's been sick for a week. He has been sick for a week. 
  I've been to France three times. I have been to France three times. 
  I've done everything I can. I have done everything I can. 
  She's done great things. She has done great things. 
  We've said enough. We have said enough. 
  He's said he is too ill to travel. He has said he is too ill to travel. 
  You've made many mistakes. You have made many mistakes. 
  She's made a significant decision. She has made a significant decision. 
  They've gone too far. They have gone too far. 
  He's gone mad. He has gone mad. 
  I've known her for a long time. I have known her for a long time. 
  He's known me for years. He has known me for years. 
  They've seen a ghost. They have seen a ghost. 
  He's seen it all. He has seen it all. 
  I've just arrived. I have just arrived. 
  He's just graduated from university. He has just graduated from university. 
  It's just started raining. It has just started raining. 
  He's already booked a room for himself. He has already booked a room for himself. 
  I haven't started. I have not started. 
  He hasn't told you yet. He has not told you yet. 
  Have you seen him? 
  Have you ever fallen in love? 
  How long have you been waiting? 
  I've been studying English for 2 years. I have been studying English for 2 years. 
  We've known each other since childhood. We have known each other since childhood. 
  I'll have to pay. I will have to pay. 
  I'm gonna have to pay. I'm going to have to pay. 
  You'll see me. You will see me. 
  You're gonna see me. You're going to see me. 
  He'll return. He will return. 
  He's gonna return. He's going to return. 
  She'll get married. She will get married. 
  She's gonna get married. She's going to get married. 
  It'll be easy. It will be easy. 
  It's gonna be easy. It's going to be easy. 
  We'll meet again. We will meet again. 
  We're gonna meet again. We're going to meet again. 
  They'll find you. They will find you. 
  They're gonna find you. They're going to find you. 
  I won't have to pay. I will not have to pay. 
  I'm not gonna have to pay. I'm not going to have to pay. 
  You won't see me. You will not see me. 
  You're not gonna see me. You're not going to see me. 
  He won't return. He will not return. 
  He's not gonna return. He's not going to return. 
  She won't get married. She will not get married. 
  She's not gonna get married. She's not going to get married. 
  It won't be easy. It will not be easy. 
  It's not gonna be easy. It's not going to be easy. 
  We won't meet again. We will not meet again. 
  We're not gonna meet again. We're not going to meet again. 
  They won't find you. They will not find you. 
  They're not gonna find you. They're not going to find you. 
  Will I have to pay? 
  Am I gonna have to pay? Am I going to have to pay? 
  Will you see me? 
  Are you gonna see me? Are you going to see me? 
  Will he return? 
  Is he gonna return?Is he going to return? 
  Will she get married? 
  Is she gonna get married?Is she going to get married? 
  Will it be easy? 
  Is it gonna be easy?Is it going to be easy? 
  Will we meet again? 
  Are we gonna meet again? Are we going to meet again? 
  Will they find you? 
  Are they gonna find you? Are they going to find you? 
  You could try a different approach. 
  What could be better than this? 
  You could at least tell me why you were late. 
  He couldn't be more proud. 
  When I was younger I could run really fast. 
  I could hear what they were saying. 
  She could play the violin when she was six. 
  The boy couldn't sleep. 
  Why couldn't you verify my identity? 
  Could I use your phone, please? 
  Could you please pass me the salt? 
  Could I leave a little early today? 
  Could we borrow your lawnmower? 
  Could you post this letter for me? 
  You could be making a big mistake. 
  His recovery could take months. 
  That kind of thing could happen to anyone. 
  This couldn't be happening to me 
  It couldn't be. 
 "More ice cream?" "No, thanks. I couldn’t." 
  You could've called me. 
  They could've helped us. 
  We could've done better. 
  The accident could've been worse. 
  I couldn't have done it without the team. 
  You couldn't have made a better decision. 
  I could use some help over here. 
  You could use a haircut. 
 "Can I get you anything?" "I could use a drink." 
  Their website could use an upgrade. 
  You're going out with my ex-boyfriend? Great. I couldn't care less. 
  This room could do with a fresh coat of paint. 
  Is there a restaurant nearby? I could do with something to eat. 
  You should stop worrying about it. 
  You shouldn't drink and drive. 
  Should I call him and apologize? 
  He should've been more careful. 
  The bus should've arrived ten minutes ago. 
  She shouldn't have spoken to him so rudely. 
  Should I turn the music down? 
  What should we have for lunch? 
  We should arrive before dark. 
  The roads should be less crowded today. 
  It should be snowing now, according to the weather forecast. 
  Should you need any help, here's my number. 
 If you should change your mind, let me know.&nbsp; 
  Should anyone call, please tell them I'm busy. 
  A present for me? You shouldn't have! 
  I find it astonishing that he should be so rude to you. 
  It's strange that you should say that. 
  Funny you should mention it. 
   If my husband treated me like that, I should divorce him. 
   I should be surprised if many people go to the fair on such a rainy day. 
   I should see a doctor if I were you. 
   I should like to call my lawyer 
   "Would you care for a drink?" "I should like one very much." 
  I looked up and what should I see but a hummingbird. 
  They were walking along when who should they see but John! 
  I'd love a coffee. 
  She asked if I would help. 
  They told me that they probably wouldn't come. 
  She'd be a fool to accept it. 
  Would you like a sandwich? 
  Would you please help us? 
  Would you have dinner with me on Friday? 
  Would you mind leaving us alone for a few minutes? 
  We left early so we would be sure to arrive on time. 
  She burned the letters so that her husband would never read 
  He worked hard in order that he would pass all his exams. 
  I wish that you'd be quiet for a minute. 
  I wish he'd call me more often. 
  My car wouldn't start this morning. 
  He wouldn't help us. 
  When my friend still lived here, we would eat lunch together every day 
  When my parents were away, my grandmother would take care of me. 
  He'd always be the first to offer to help. 
  I would think that he was telling the truth, but I really don't know. 
 "How long will it take?" "I would imagine it will take about an hour." 
 "Where did they go?" "How would I know?" 
  I'd rather stand. 
  I'd rather study English than German. 
  I'd rather not go. 
  They'd rather do things themselves. 
  You'd better tell her everything. 
  I'd better get back to work. 
  We'd better meet early. 
  You may be right. 
  I think he may be trying to cheat us. 
  He may have missed his train. 
  That may or may not be true. 
  He may be slow, but he does very good work. 
  It may be cold outside, but it's still a beautiful day. 
  He may be a good father, but he's a terrible husband. 
  You may go now. 
  May I come in? 
  No one may enter without a ticket. 
  You may tell me your opinion, but I won't change my mind. 
  "May I borrow your pen?" "Of course you may!" 
  May I ask who is calling? 
  "May I leave a little early today?" "No, you may not." 
  May the best win! 
  May you have a long and happy life! 
  Long may the Queen reign! 
  You may want to think again and consider your options carefully. 
  It may be wise to proceed cautiously. 
   May I   just say  how pleased I am to be here. 
   If I may , would you please repeat the answer? 
  I'd like to ask a question,  if I may . 
  What a very attractive dress, if I may say so. 
  We exercise  so that we may be strong and healthy . 
  I work hard so that my family may not go hungry. 
  There has been some improvement in the economy in recent months, but,  be that as it may , many people are still looking for work 
  If no one else wants it,  we may as well  give it to him. 
  If you are going to have sugar,  you may as well  have a bar of chocolate 
   There   may be  exceptions. 
   There may be  another chance. 
   There may be  trouble ahead. 
  It might be true. 
 &nbsp; The test might include &nbsp;some questions about geography. 
  I thought you might like this. 
  If we hurry, we might get there before it rains. 
  You might try the cake. 
  I thought we might go to the zoo on Saturday. 
  You might want to lower your seat, so that your legs reach the pedal 
  He might be slow, but he does very good work. 
  It might be cold outside, but it's still a beautiful day. 
  She might have been a great actress, but she was a terrible parent. 
  Might I use your phone? 
  Might I ask who is calling? 
  It might be wise to proceed cautiously. 
  You might at least apologize! 
  Honestly, you might have told me! 
  I think you might at least offer to help! 
  "I have a request to make." "And what might that be?" 
  And who might you be? 
  Might I just say how pleased I am to be here. 
  If you are going to have sugar, you might as well have a bar of chocolate. 
  You must read this book. It's fantastic! 
  You must come visit us soon. 
  You must see a doctor. 
  You must follow the rules. 
  I must go and get the kids from school. 
  You must not do it. 
  Cars must not park in front of the entrance. 
  You mustn't say things like that. 
  It must be almost dinner time. 
  She must think I'm a fool. 
  You're going to wear that? You must be joking! 
  There must be some mistake. 
  I must warn you, this will not be easy. 
  I must confess, I haven't read the book yet. 
  I must say, I was surprised to hear from him. 
  Must you be so unreasonable? 
  Why must it always rain on the weekend? 
  You can smoke if you must, but please do it outdoors. 
  Sydney is one of the world's must-see cities. 
  This book is a must-read. 
  Regular exercise is a must as you grow older. 
  If you're going to hike this trail, sturdy shoes are a must. 
  We shall arrive tomorrow evening. 
  I shall not mention it again. 
  I shan't mention it again. 
  Perhaps it will happen. We shall see. 
  "Shall I call a taxi?" "Please do." 
  What shall we do this weekend? 
  Shall we dance? 
  Let's dance, shall we? 
  You shall leave at once! 
  They shall not pass. 
  Candidates shall remain seated. 
  There shall be no talking during the test. 
  The jury alone shall decide the verdict. 
  It shall be unlawful to carry firearms. 
  You ought to get some rest. 
  We ought to go now. 
  You ought to know. 
  Children ought not run near the pool. 
  They ought to be here by now. 
  There ought to be a gas station on the way. 
  If my math is correct, the result ought to be zero. 
  It ought not make any difference. 
 The new tax provoked a public  outcry .
 The major  shareholders  in the company.
 We buy the building materials  wholesale .
 The price will include the  labor  and materials.
 A  plea  to industries to stop pollution.
 He was carried off on a  stretcher .
  Coursework  accounts for 40 per cent of the final marks.
 The smell of  cinnamon  makes me hungry for cookies.
 Details of his life are  scanty .
 The prisoners were  subsisting  on a diet of bread and water.
 He performed  gallbladder  surgery without a medical license
 I'm not doing this for  notoriety 
 We allege in this  lawsuit 
 Now we come to the  crux  of the matter.
 I just hope  fulfill  its mission.
 A skill  lacking  in most men.
 As  outlined  in his preface
 The protests are a  delayed  reaction
 Stop  belittling  yourself
 The  demise  of the company was sudden and unexpected.
 Professional advice should be  sought  where appropriate.
 In the UK it is illegal to drive  whilst  holding a mobile phone.   
 There is a second question,  moreover .
 Some ideas  presuppose  that change is a reality.
 They said nothing about the  incompleteness  of the information.
 Most of the staff refused to work  alongside  the new team.
 The villagers are  powerless  against the armed invaders.
 Now that we have a baby, we  seldom  get the chance to go to the cinema.
 Safety is  paramount .
 Everyone has doubts about their  readiness 
 Please marry her for our  sake .
 This book offers an  in-depth  look
 What is his  role  in this project?
  Ultimately , you'll have to make the decision yourself.
 The  overall  situation was bad too.
 We crossed the  bridge  over the River Windrush.
 She has a small  gap  between her front teeth.
 Strength exercises involve  overcoming  resistance.
 The  quickness  of his movements.
 I bought it  solely  for that purpose.
 Bodybuilders are concerned  chiefly  with increasing their muscle size.
 My daughter wants to compete in  track and field .
 He must be about 60,  whereas  his wife looks about 30.
 The house is beautiful.  Furthermore , it's in a great location.
 All of the runners experienced muscle  soreness .
 Please accept our  sincere  thanks.
 The product is still at a  developmental  stage.
 Exercise  physiologists  study the effect of exercise.
Certain exercises  varies  from athlete to athlete. 
Her face was grey with  exhaustion . 
 Freedom of information brings great&nbsp; benefits .
 We have some recommended  prerequisite .
 To  familiarize  pupils with the creation and use of a database.
 A  highly  effective design.
 These antiques are extremely  valuable .
 Old houses need a lot of  maintenance .
 These ideas  underlie  much of his work.
 The colour red is used to  denote  passion or danger.
 For a  given  exercise.
 Separated by  bouts  of rest.
 Physical and mental  fatigue. 
 What is the  ratio  of men to women in the department?
 For maintaining muscle strength and avoiding  deconditioning .
 She was a very  stimulating  teacher.
 He's not the type of person to  overreach .
 His influence has  diminished  with time.
  Acute  pain
 An organization  wherein  each employee is valued and respected.
 Don't  overload  the washing machine.
 Judging by  appearances  can be misleading.
 Please make every  endeavour  to arrive on time.
 A  stack  of books.
 There are many ways to  exhibit  good character.
 What he felt was more  akin  to pity than love.
 They are in no position to  dictate  terms.
 There are other  criteria  to consider.
 Occasionally muscle growth will have to be  halted .
 To get  lean  enough.
 A period of political  stability .
 Your baby has a  steady  heartbeat.
  Preparatory  work.
 Use ice to reduce the  swelling .
 His motives are  unclear .
 She's  slightly  taller than her sister.
 Your sweater will  shrink .
 I'll  get away  from work as soon as I can.
 I formed several  lasting  friendships at college.
 She travelled the world in  pursuit  of her dreams.
 The paint will not  adhere .
 It's time to try a change of  tactic .
 To reduce your daily  intake  of salt.
 She felt very alone and  misunderstood .
 Reducing class sizes in schools is a  desirable  aim.
 A financial  adviser .
 An  elderly  couple.
 To  assess  a patient’s needs.
 We have very high safety  standards .
 They made a  comparison  of different countries.
 The  calf &nbsp;is formed by two muscles.
 They want bigger  rear  delts.
 They have failed to honour their  commitments .
 Another  brief  example.
 Without  digressing  too much.
 If  tissue  is lost or gained.
 He is still  lamenting  for friends who died in the war.
 The troops  bombarded  the city.
 The prime minister is riding on a wave of  popularity .
 He led a life of  virtue .
 To check the  effectiveness  of the security system.
 Our  consumption  of junk food is horrifying.
  Purveyors  of seafood.
 An  egregious  error.
 Increasing the  specificity  of the acoustic information.
 The scene of the  purported  crime.
His performance was  woefully  inadequate. 
 I don't eat meat and my husband doesn't  either .
 A  tailored  jacket.
 His exercise routine consisted of  bench presses  and squats.
 Salt is a  compound. 
 The train went slower and slower until it stopped  altogether .
 I was amazed at the  extent  of his knowledge.
 Don't take any  unnecessary  risks.
 Generally a brief note or a phone call will  suffice .
  Needless  suffering.
 A detailed  assessment  of the risks involved.
 A  favorable  outcome would certainly help.
 These investments have remained  dormant  for several years.
 Across a  swath  of broken glass.
 We need to  delve  more deeply into these questions.
 He flexed his  pectoral  muscles.
 A  hamstring  injury.
 There's a lot of  wear and tear  involved.
 An  unimaginative  solution to a problem.
 The  myriad  problems of modern life.
 This animal will die slowly and  painfully .
 The total damage was  measured  in billions of dollars.
 She had the  advantage  of a good education.
 One  disadvantage  of living in the town.
 They are researching a different  modality. 
 Foreign investment has been a  stimulus  to the industry.
 The new ramp will  facilitate  the entry of wheelchairs.
 To generate power.
 He is still  capable  of doing the job.
 The situation was becoming  progressively  more difficult.
 The basic  requirements  of life.
 The film is not  suitable  for children.
 I don't think he's  sufficiently  dedicated.
 They have no alternative but to resign  collectively .
 The  unsung  heroes of the war.
 Thousands of refugees are living in  makeshift  camps.
 I said it half  jokingly .
 There is not much  poultry  in the shops.
The deal will not be  disadvantageous  to your company. 
 Most crimes are  committed  by young men.
 Details of the accident are  scarce .
 The most  convenient  way to learn English.
 Her expression  revealed  nothing.
 The journey took  approximately  seven hours.
 Biologists  classify  animals and plants.
 My  spelling  is terrible.
 Carla smiled  confidently  at the cameras.
 I was too  nervous  to say anything.
 A diamond  necklace .
 They carried only one  rucksack. 
 He had a little  goatee  under his chin.
 The bus drivers could  run out of change. 
 Turn left at the  traffic lights .
  Acrid  smoke from burning tyres.
 She had  trench coats .
 But nothing from the  waist  and down.
 My son broke a  rib  when he fell off a ladder.
 She broke her  hip  in the fall.
 Morals tend to be deeply  ingrained .
 He was  absent  from work for two weeks.
 Follow the  signposts .
 The boy sat on the  kerb .
 high rates of  recidivism .
 Many released prisoners will  reoffend .
An arrest  warrant.   
 Police believe someone must be  harbouring  the killer.
 And it better not be another  subpoena .
 This  heinous  crime.
 A very  tigh  comunity.
 And then gone over to the  embankment .
 The meeting ended on an  upbeat  note.
The police found no evidence of  foul play . 
 The town is built on a  slope .
 The  odds  were pretty strong at birth.
 My brother michael emotionally is a  wreck ;
 She felt  uneasy  because it was dark;
 The ship is  sinking .
 She was  dumped. 
 I just keep  rehashing  that conversation.
 We were  close-knit. 
 I'm not gonna  sugarcoat  it.
 I just  holler .
 The firm’s  headquarters  are in London.
 One of us is a  decoy .
 Now you had a  clue .
 I have to shower with  flip-flops .
 He became something of a  jailhouse  lawyer.
 My fingers were  numb  with cold.
 System called the  flaperon. 
 Its possible it was  hijacked. 
 The whole situation has become  farcical .
 Police hope the public will help them to find the  culprits .
 And that  hatch  is in between.
Everyone in the  manor house.  
 What was that  ruckus  you made?
 San Francisco  Bay .
 The painful memories gradually  receded  in her mind.
 It’s  frosty  outside.
 he has  woven .
 A few survivors were pulled from the  wreckage .
 On the  spoof  scenario.
 A fishing  net .
 Do you see the red conical  buoy  ahead?
 Let me  reiterate  the most important points.
 It was  uncanny  the way that she always knew what he was thinking.
 A  knack  for remembering faces.
 He was a  laughable  figure.
 Drug  traffickers. 
 It is just  patently  ridiculous.
  Dig  a pit and bury the garbage.
 Chris  dismantled  the bike in five minutes.
 This sweater has  stretched .
 Marriage between close  kin  is prohibited.
 Probable the biggest  gobstopper  of all.
 When they're  withholding  essential pieces of evidence.
 The prisoner travelled under police  escort .
 She has  acquired  a good knowledge of English.
 We  jammed  into the elevator.
 At the risk of sounding  flippant .
 It's  bound  to be sunny again tomorrow.
 These two  behemoth  buildings.
 Her  beloved  husband died last year.
 His breathing became  faint .
 I went to the  freight elevator .
 Moving house is a major  upheaval. 
 Some soldiers waited at an  outpost. 
 It might sound  callous , but I don't care if he's homeless.
He was  lionized  by his followers. 
 The storm caused  widespread  damage.
 A  coalition  government.
 I had  rented  this mud hut;
 His  fingerprints  were all over the gun.
 The car was  hauled  out of the river.
 They're  unaccounted for .
 Troops were called in to  subdue  the rebels.
 I just need to up the  ante  a little.
 Details are given in our promotional  leaflet .
 Only we can cancel the  lease .
 Night-vision  goggles. 
 A pair of  earmuffs .
 Don't forget to put on your  oven mitt .
 A  bounty  of $10,000 has been offered for the capture of his murderer.
 These memories will not be  diminished  by time.
 The drugs were found during a police  raid  on the house.
 A chunk of  cheese. 
 The main  drawback  to it is the cost.
 They're doing a  gig  in Boston tonight.
 Max  wore  his wolf suit.
 You can accuse me of  cowardice. 
 The accident was a result of  recklessness .
 The farmer bought a  doe .
 How many  jellyfish  can you see?
 If  untreated , the illness can become severe.
 His trust in them was  misplaced .
 Shall I do the  casserole  in the oven?
 Salt  dissolves  in water.
 This was a  striking  realization.
 All sorts of  dreaded  diseases
 Regular exercise strengthens the heart,  thereby  reducing the risk of heart attack.
  God willing , you'll recover;
 Knowledge is no  burden .
 The  breeding  of horses.
 Rosie suddenly  grasped  my hand.
 That's a  loaded  question.
 God forgives our  sins .
 He  readily  agreed to help us.
 It's a relatively  straightforward  process.
 The  algorithm  found the shortest path.
 At the  roundabout , take the second exit.
 The best way to open it is with  pliers. 
 We're looking at the  feasibility  of building a shopping centre there.
 There is no  viable  alternative.
 Diabetes is a  heritable  disease.
 She made an  unintended  mistake.
 His behavior was considered  untoward .
 My first  grandchild  was born yesterday.
 She found a  lump  in her breast.
 The  crunch  of feet on snow.
 She used a  washcloth  to clean her face.
 The glue was still wet and  gooey .
 Because nobody is more beautiful than a  martyr .
 You're selling  unregulated  drugs.
 The project was  funded  by donations.
 The city of New York is often referred to by the  moniker  "The Big Apple."
 His research has suffered a temporary  setback .
 Each person must have an  equitable  share.
 All the witnesses share one  trait .
 I'm  stoked  to meet you
 One of the things that  drew  me to computer science;
 Maybe your world view is a little  skewed .
 I'd rather not  dwell  on the past.
 People are concerned about social  inequality .
 This carpet  stains  easily.
 Gang members operated  lawlessly  and violently.
 They were carrying  placards  and posters.
 Do you think this fear is  warranted ?
 Much of the criticism was totally  unwarranted .
 In real life, nobody was all bad, nor,  conversely , all good.
 Suddenly she saw him in a new  guise .
 I need to  suss  out a way to solve this problem.
 He administer a large  hedge fund .
 Your  mortgage  will be repaid over 25 years.
   There’s been an increase in numbers.
   There's been a modest reduction.
   There's been an error processing your request.
   There's been no research on this topic.
   There have been a lot of questions.
   There have been rumors.
   There have been large structural changes.
   There have been no reports of transmission through food.
   He heard there had been an accident and rushed to the scene.
   I wish there had been another way.
   If there had been no intervention.
   There had been some conversations.
 They will  foreclose  your mortgage.
 I am an invisible  gatekeeper. 
 How many other have been  defamed .
 He was placed on  probation  for two years.
 I've got  gainful  employment.
 The verdict was  overruled  by the Supreme Court.
 Her English is almost  flawless .
 Can I  arrange  an appointment for Monday?
 He  pinned  a medal on me.
 Her face was  plastered  with make-up.
 She slowly  peeled away  the layers of the onion.
 They were so  overjoyed  to welcome me.
 The pathway was very  thickly .
 My body was  bloated. 
 I had zero  likelihood .
 People become  belligerent .
 And don't call me unless you're  flatlining .
 The hill was a good  vantage point  for watching the world go by.
 The soldiers were authorized to shoot  at will .
 I saw a dry  fountain .
 Many people have contacted me expressing  interest  in the idea.
 I can't find a  babysitter  for tonight.
 We are in contact on a  regular basis .
 Let me  assure  you that I will try to help you.
 So if i  handed  you an orange.
 Its sometimes like  charades  for me.
 He's always complaining of some  ailment .
 Mr Masack is an  outspoken  critic.
 Connecting with spirits through  mediumship. 
 The project turned into a  full-blown  success.
 This  Flooring  can use for Dance Room.
 Probably a  dozen  times.
 Your boyfriend is a  caveman. 
 The gang  tied up  the security guard.
 She just  exudes  confidence.
 Your finger's in my  belly button .
 You look as though you've seen an  apparition .
 It looks very like  cheesecloth .
 He's very  humble  about his success.
 The old man  petted  the little dog.
   There will be consequences.
   There will be no intermission.
   There will be a calamity.
   There won't be anything else... it's over.
   There won't be a second chance.
   There won't be enough capacity.
 There might be a planet better than Earth.
   There might be a cheaper drug.
   There might be a faster and cheaper way.
   There may be trouble ahead.
   There may be some side effects.
   There may be a reason why.
 Can you set him on a  branch ?
 He speaks of her with  awe .
 I was a total  basket case. 
 Every grief retreat.
 There was a note of  desperation  in his voice.
 I found myself feeling really  deflated. 
 In his bedroom next to his  urn .
 Before it  dawned  on us.
 They soon realized they had been  duped .
 He's very  grounded. 
 He is  averse  to change and prefers things to stay the same.
 She's learning to  cope  with the loss of her loved one.
 My parents were very  strict  with me when I was young.
 The eerie silence in the abandoned house was  unsettling .
 These children have many  unmet  needs.
 The workers here seem very  demoralized .
 Following the safety  guidelines  is crucial to prevent accidents in the workplace.
 The sound of music  permeated  the streets.
 We  rely  on software to control our smart devices.
 A  thermostat  controls the temperature in the building.
 Protests caused traffic  disruption .
 Fertilizer helps to  enrich  the soil.
 She is a  committed  advocate for social justice.
 She did  astonishingly  well in her exams.
 There is a  trade-off  between the benefits of the drug and the risk of side effects.
 He's so much  brighter  than me.
 She's an  immensely  talented young athlete.
 Technology is advancing at  warp speed .
 Teachers are always complaining about their heavy  workloads .
 Food is the major source of  ingested  bacteria.
 He needs to marry a  down-to-earth  person.
 He left no stone  unturned  in his search for his natural mother.
  Incoming  calls were monitored.
 Tom will  kick off  with a few comments.
 He cared little for social  advancement .
 The statistics can be  depicted  as a graph.
 In a  wide  variety of gorgeours color.
 He is an  accessory  to the murderer.
 They reset the gas  meter .
 We should  standardize  the training materials.
The reduction of  myopia .  
 Nearsightedness  is a serious problem.  
The band had been  augmented  by two extra trombonists.  
These bracelets were  crafted  by native Americans.  
The bags we sell have very strong  seams.   
The light is too  dim  for me to read.  
The group  encompasses  all ages.  
At last we could relax and talk without  constraint .  
I find a lot of modern  architecture  very ugly.  
Please  specify  what you will do.  
You've only seen one  facet  of her personality.  
He is  clumsy  with tools.  
The company has  sustained  heavy losses this year.  
I can't resist  baked  apples.  
The desert is  barren  land.  
If you feel so strongly, why follow the  herd  ?  
What a terrible  upbringing  i had.  
You seem to be a  well-mannered  fellow.  
I felt like a  country bumpkin .  
I want to send a  telegram .  
Articles are edited for clarity and  readability .  
The  wetlands  are home to a large variety of wildlife.  
The  richness  and variety of marine life.  
Australia is one of the world's main producers of  wool .  
The sun dries the  moisture  on the ground.  
There's a knot in the  yarn .  
This  garment  should be washed carefully.  
She wanted to start her own  catering  business.  
He  centered  his attention on the problem.  
The  ownership  of the painting remains unclear.  
These problems have been  exaggerated  by the media.  
We never  deviate  from our principles.  
What do you do for  amusement  in this town?  
They ordered seafood and the  beverage  special.  
He  roasted  a chicken for dinner.  
Coffee has become a  staple  in many cultures.  
I start my day with a cup of  drip coffee .  
Side effects can include  restlessness .  
We wish you a  renewed  hope in life.  
The previous owners had  cherished  the house.  
His attention to detail is  staggering .  
Jim can be so  naive  sometimes.  
Everybody's got that movie on their  shelf.   
She is one  ballsy  lady.  
I do remember the  fierce  pride that i had.  
That road is  downright  dangerous!  
With all of his big  bravado  and ego.  
You look  wiped out .  
They lived in a town close to the  frontier .  
Try not to  scratch .  
She can't accept even  mild  criticism of her work.  
She has a  sore throat  and a fever.  
The bedroom gets a little  stuffy  in the summer.  
The new evidence  weakens  the case against her.  
I am a  droplet  in the ocean.  
He rested his  elbows  on his knees.  
A cold compress can  alleviate  your pain.  
Her job is  broadly  similar to mine.  
Inside she was a  jumble  of emotions.  
Think  positively  and show some determination.  
He has some  leverage  over the politician.  
 Upon  her head she wore a black velvet hat.  
She has the full support of her  constituents .  
In the  meantime  eat that while it's hot.  
There are more  bogus  jobs than there are real jobs.  
She's writing a  sequel  to her first novel.  
I put a potato in his  tailpipe .  
The two groups  despise  each other.  
Her  denial  of my advice hurts me.  
It opens up the  wounds  again.&nbsp;  
I am forever  indebted  to you.  
Ignore the  naysayers.   
A piece of  cardboard .  
They see the whole game as a  bare-knuckle  contest.  
Her latest  stunt  is riding a motor cycle through a ring of flames.  
She's a real  tomboy !  
I'm ashamed to be seen in this  rinky-dink  car.  
He was  fouled  inside the penalty area.  
A dog can  tear  a rabbit apart in seconds.  
I repeat that we cannot  undertake  the task.  
Let's have a  brewski .  
After a five-month  hiatus.   
A factory contains much  machinery .  
He was a  scoundrel.   
The negative reviews  marred  the reputation of the restaurant.  
 Countless  opportunities for growth.  
This  tapestry  is a work of art.  
He said that  whooped  you ass.  
An  armed  robbery.  
These plants will need careful  nurture .  
Her eyes were red and  swollen  from crying.  
She's just finished four months of  rehab .  
He likes to  exert  his authority.  
The wrestler's signature move was a devastating  body-slam .  
Never let a little problem  deflect  you.  
The light  bulb  needs renewing.  
Maximus's presence left everyone  star-struck  at the event.  
There's a hole in the  crotch .  
The psychedelic artwork created a  trippy  visual experience.  
A drug  smuggler.   
The 1932 election represented a  watershed  in American politics.  
Good fish  abound  in the North Sea.  
The ground was  sparsely  covered with grass.  
Nylon is a  versatile  material.  
The school is  widely  admired for its excellent teaching.  
The procedure should be end with  semicolon .  
His  bluntness  got him into trouble.  
The gallery is a treasure  trove  of medieval art.  
A  yearning  for a quiet life.  
Stella had a moment of  enlightenment .  
Do you wish to  contribute ?  
She is  predominantly  a dancer, but she also sings.  
He was capable of  acknowledging  defeat with decent civility.  
The size of the  crop  depends on the productivity of the soil.  
They  fortified  the area against attack.  
It's  filthy  in here!  
The long wait for rescue during the hiking trip was a real  ordeal .  
The typical  laborer  now sits in front of a bank.  
The doctor  urged  her to adopt a healthier lifestyle.  
An  enormous  house.  
I don't like the smell of burning  rubber .  
The England  goalkeeper  played brilliantly.  
A  referee  must know all the rules of the game.  
A new  railroad  is under construction.  
He dipped deep into  Western  literature.  
His health was weakened by  overwork .  
They transformed the  wilderness  into a garden.  
This tax should be  abolished .  
 Bulimia  is an eating disorder.  
She has been  vomiting  all night.  
  I cut myself shaving this morning.  
  I could no longer keep the secret to myself.  
  You need to feel good about yourself.  
  You can judge for yourself.  
  She is proud of herself for finishing college.  
  She told me herself that she would be here.  
  History keeps&nbsp; repeating  itself.  
  The city itself is fairly small.  
  We got out of the water and dried ourselves.  
  We have the house to ourselves this weekend.  
  We want to see it for ourselves.&nbsp;  
I had a  craving  for something sweet.  
A  pickpocket  stole his watch.  
The refugee camps  sprawl  across the landscape.  
 Footprints  in the sand.  
The  hurricane  left a trail of destruction behind it.  
They  retrofitted  the plane with improved seating.  
The fields were  lush  with grass and flowers.  
The tunnel is a remarkable  feat  of engineering.  
Tests showed increased levels of toxin in  shellfish .  
Won't i need a  pacemaker ?  
  People who are unable to care for themselves.  
  They themselves were quite surprised when they won the game.  
  One cannot choose freedom for oneself without choosing it for  others.  
  It is difficult to make oneself concentrate for long periods.  
  I often like to spend time by myself.&nbsp;  
  Do you need help? No, thanks. I can do it by myself.  
  They talk to themselves a lot.  
  They talk to each other a lot.  
  John says that James talks to himself a lot.  
  John says that James talks to him a lot.  
I  overslept  and missed the bus.  
A  suitable  place for a picnic.  
A global brand fund would be a  long-haul  investment.  
You should  broaden  your experience by travelling more.  
I have to  step out  this evening.  
A  bustling  city.  
The two brothers are almost  inseparable .  
They wanted to  revolutionize  the whole world.  
I  aided  him in his homework.  
A child has  reliance  on his or her mother.  
The government gets a  revenue  from taxes.  
He has a  lively  imagination.  
Another form of cartooning is the  comic strip .  
The artist is making  sketches  for his next painting.  
Gray caught  smallpox  from his nephew.  
Paddle your own  canoe .  
Can you  shut  that person?  
I found the job very  mundane .  
The money made life more  bearable  for her.  
Road and bridge construction is  underway .  
The  depletion  of fish stocks.  
Companies are measuring their  carbon footprints .  
The specific impact of the  greenhouse effect  is unknowable.  
 Carpooling  saves on travel expenses.  
90 percent of American trash is dumped in  landfill  sites.  
The  scarcity  of skilled workers.  
He urged everyone to act  responsibly .  
Use the  appliance  only to warm meals.  
Her present was tied with yellow  ribbon .  
A  bone marrow  transplant.  
I have tried to  reclaim  my money without success.  
She spent the morning  secluded  in her office.  
The police are trying to stop all illegal  gambling .  
Don’t  neglect  your health.  
From the  societal  point of view.  
The children were placed with  foster  parents.  
She had tried her best to  instil  morals into her daughters.  
 Affordability  makes dreams reachable.  
Education is the  cornerstone  of a strong society.  
I did a bit of  fencing  while I was at college.  
I  hasten  to say that he is not hurt.  
It helps them to  unwind  after a busy day at work.  
I already  have a lot on  my to-do list.  
The spa is popular with women who want a bit of  me-time.   
One of the central  tenets  of environmental sustainability.  
 Renewable  energy will become progressively more important as time goes on.  
I can't see because the light is  dazzling  me.  
She was  actively  looking for a job.  
Jon's arrival was a  cue  for more champagne.  
 Resorting  to violence is not the best solution to an argument.  
Simplicity is a  hallmark  of this design.  
She was filled with the  aspiration  to succeed in life.  
A strong spiritual  bond  exists between them.  
As  bandwidth  increases it will become easier.  
There were dirty  handprints  all over the wall.  
He stole a  bun  from the shop.  
There was a small  dresser  in the corner of the room.  
The clock on the  nightstand  showed 5: 56.  
She placed her feet up on the  ottoman  to relax.  
 Lean  your head back a little.  
Gas  ignites  very easily.  
Portals to new  realms  of knowledge.  
Books are also  reservoirs  of knowledge.  
Could this be the birth of a new  genre ?  
Her paintings have a very  tactile  quality.  
He had an air of  uncertainty  about him.  
Huge debts are  debilitating  their economy.  
Yoga gives me a sense of  inner  calm.  
The traffic causes serious  disturbance  to residents.  
He has a visual  impairment  in the right eye.  
 Desperate  I return to you.  
After months of  painstaking  research.  
The  gazebo  that Dad keep in the garage.  
It was a  wondrous  thing to see the sea for the first time.  
Nintendo really tried to  soup  it  up ;  
I'm having a  dinner party  next week.  
A  house-warming  present.  
I'm trying to  get  a team  together  for Saturday.  
A family  get-together  at Christmas.  
Please remember that it's a  BYOB  party.  
We were too  outmatched .  
Mario was the  undisputed  king.  
An  underdog  was about to declare war.  
A color  handheld  game unit.  
But there was a  catch .  
That the  hedgehog  was the best.  
The  sportscaster  provided live commentary during the game.  
That's precisely what I  meant .  
She looked the  epitome  of elegance.  
I dislike his arrogant  demeanour .  
Our product  outsell  theirs.  
I want to hear all the  gory  details.  
Competing with video games was  unheard  of.  
You know I hate  blood sport .  
There was a  vile  smell coming from the locked room.  
You look  whacked .  
The announcement caused  uproar  in the crowd.  
And had kids  ditching  their home consoles.  
He hopes one day to  surpass  the world record.  
Opponet didn't land a single  blow  on me.  
We had  inadvertently  left without paying the bill.  
The dispute could  jeopardize  the negotiations.  
She is  devious  and sly and manipulative.  
We also sell  prosthetics  for women.  
You gotta be  jiving  me.  
The dog then attacked her,  inflicting  serious injuries.  
I heard stories of  gruesome  tortures in prisons.  
He was wearing an anti-racism  wristband .  
I heard the door  slam  behind him.  
Re-apply your  sunscreen  every two hours.  
So Flora put on her green  wellies .  
He  booted  her in the face.  
Would have mass  appeal .  
His parents made a  pilgrimage  to Lourdes.  
You can be my  wingman  anytime.  
The band have a  droll  sense of humour.  
He's a  stubborn  old man.  
Hard work has a  payoff .  
I've lost a pair of  spectacles .  
she's so  unpredictable .  
I am  utterly  opposed to any form of terrorism.  
I'm  frightfully  sorry about the noise last night.  
People see live  footage  of the war.  
Many jets have an  afterburner .  
I'm an  outsider , the only foreign woman in the group.  
Suddenly, the  squad car  is smashed by a van.  
Usain Bolt's  blazing  speed.  
To look for a needle in a  haystack .  
The  underpinnings  of the theory were solid.  
Some birds  hover  when they look for animals.  
This door  bolts  on the inside.  
 Praying mantis  has two powerful claws like sharp knives.  
She likes being in the  limelight .  
She appeared from the  midst  of the crowd.  
They collaborated  cohesively  to achieve their common goal.  
She was very  fond  of horses.  
It's  all the same  to me.  
She also wears  skin-tight  red pants.  
He caught my hand and held it  tightly .  
The  gardener  cut back all the bushes.  
